                             BARF
              (Bay Area Rapid Fucking)
 
    Their eyes had met at the turnstile....his fare ticket had been
returned with a "See Attendant" notice, and his blush was very
noticeable against his blonde beard.  Rachael smiled sympathetically
as he moved aside and let her through.
 
    "Sexy eyes.", she thought to herself as she walked to the
escalator descending to the train platform.  Hearing the train doors
open, she ran quickly down the slowly moving stairway and arrived just
in time to see the doors closing and the train pulling away.  "Nutz!",
she mumbled under her breath, and moved to her accustomed queue
position, where she opened her novel.
 
    The ill-fated mad dash to the train platform had made her warm and
she removed her long coat, dropping her book in the process.  As she
bent over to pick it up, her rear end bumped against the person in
back of her, and she swiftly straightened, turning to apologize.  Now
it was her turn to blush as she saw that same blonde beard and sexy
eyes she had encountered upstairs at the turnstile.  She had noticed
him many times before, and had imagined he had watched her a few times
as well, although she didn't think it was true.
 
    She averted her eyes quickly, not knowing what his thoughts were,
but she couldn't restrain her own.  She tried to go back to her book,
but couldn't concentrate.  The stranger had stepped forward to the
side to look down the tunnel for an oncoming train, and she could see
the slight bulge in his suit pants in spite of the jacket he held over
his arm.  He stepped back in place behind her, and she went back to her 
story.
 
    Soon, she felt something push gently up against her ass, which
felt much like a briefcase.  "He must have made a mistake.", she
thought, and mentally forgave him.  Shifting from one foot to the
other, she couldn't help fantasizing about this stranger behind her.
She had noticed he was about her age, of average height and weight;
the kind of teddy bear she would love to hold and suckle.  His face
was that average-guy good looking, with strong cheekbones (what she
could see beneath his beard), and smiling blue eyes.
 
    "Well, what am I doing day-dreaming about him?', she asked
herself.  "After all, he probably wouldn't even LOOK at me."  She
unobtrusively tugged at her slightly snug blouse, smoothing it over
her breasts, and rounded hips.
 
    She had been uncomfortable all day, noticing how this blouse
accentuated her large breasts, and how the new brassier she was
wearing held them up and allowed them to bounce MUCH to much when she 
walked.
 
    She had felt like her tits were huge cones and that every man's
eyes had been on her all day.  This feeling was disturbing, because it
made her very horny, and she knew that there was nothing to do for it,
but to wait until she could get home, and take care of business herself.
    
    This afternoon, while sitting at her computer terminal, Rachael
had gently pinched her swollen nipples and felt them tighten inside
her bra, wishing she had someone there to suck them for her.  She
rocked gently from side to side, feeling the increasing wetness in her
panties as her shaven lovelips slid against each other.  She could
hardly wait to get home where she could lie back and imagine being
sucked and fucked as she rubbed her clit.
 
 
    She was brought back to the present by another nudge from the
briefcase, and she forgave him once again, assuming that the line
behind him had gotten longger, and had pushed forward.  Soon she felt
light feathery touches against her lower back and ass.  It was his
jacket moving slightly against her.  This was affirmation that the
line had just gotten too close, and that he couldn't help
it....probably didn't even realize...."The train!", she watched for
seats as the windows flashed past (also looking at his reflection
behind her).  "Good, there are still some left.", she was relieved
that she wouldn't have to stand for the 55 minute commute home.
 
    Moving to the last aisle seat in the rear of the car, Rachael
noticed the blonde stranger preparing to ride standing up.  His
smiling eyes met hers again and she looked away confused.  "All in my
head, all in my head.", she opened her book once again.
 
    She read the words before her, but couldn't remember what it was
she had just read.  Her ability to concentrate was completely
undermined by the feeling that she was being watched.  She felt her
nipples harden against the material, and her wet pussy was still
demanding attention.  She raised her eyes, and slowly scanned the car,
finding the strainger's eyes on her again.  This wastoo much!  He must
be thinking something, but what?  She gave him a small, uncertain
smile and he returned it.
 
    The woman who had been dozing in the window seat next to her got
up to exit the train, and he approached Rachael to take the empty spot
next to her, smiling again.  "Nothing to lose.", she thought, as she
scooched over to take the empty window seat.
 
    As the man seated himself next to her, he took her hand in his.
"Hello, I'm Mike.  I hope you can forgive me for being so fresh, but I
find you very attractive, and could barely help myself."
 
    "Oh, were you doing all that on purpose?", Rachael asked, truly
surprised.  "I thought you didn't realize and that it was just a 
mistake."
 
    "Does this look like a mistake?", Mike directed her glance to his
crotch and she saw the unmistakable outline of his hardon.  He slipped
his rigght hand onto her left thigh as he saw her eyes widen, and she
felt her pussy twitch with excitement.  "I noticed your tits are
begging for attention."  Mike whispered into her ear as he breathed
gently against her neck.
 
    She moved her left hand to caress his clothed cock, and then
quickly realizing what she had done, brought her hand back.  Mike
placed his suite coat on his lap and took her hand and replaced it on
his hardon.  Her wet pussy cried out for a taste of that hard meat,
but there was nothing she could do about it here (was there?).
 
    "Let's take a nap.", Mike whispered, "Pull your coat up over you
like a blanket."
 
    Rachael did as he said, and then pulled her bra up over the top of
her breasts, pushing the hard nipples tojut out and up, begging to be
licked, sucked, and bitten.  Her hand went back under his suit coat to
his hardness, and began to slowly squeeze and stroke him to maintain
the hardon.
    
    Mike placed his head on her shoulder and began to brush the palm
of his hand across her hard nipples, and to roll a nipple between his
thumb and forefinger, moving from one to the other every few moments.
 
    As the train emptied more and more, Mike's head fell further down
onto her chest in his "sleep".  soon she was slumped backward across
her seat and his head was safely under the coat, both apparently fast 
asleep.
 
    His lips grazed her swollen breasts, creating an ache in her groin
that begged release.  He licked and sucked every inch of her breasts
that were available to him, while he slipped his hand into her pants
and past the sopping panties.  By his moan into her breast, he was
obviously surprised and pleased to find a shaven cunt awaiting his
ministrations.  He lightly touched all around her twat, and finally
began a clockwise circular massaging of the hardened clit.  The gentle
tugging on her nipples made her pussy work, and soon she had to stifle
her moans and cries as her orgasm grew and released.
 
    "I want' your cock in me.", Rachael urgently whispered down into
his ear. "Mmmmm.", was all she could hear, but when the next stop was
announced, Mike suggested they get off the train.
    
    Rachael followed him up the escalator and to the men's room where
they quickly entered, and drew the bolt.  They both stripped their
clothes off leaving them in a pile by the door.
 
    "Good idea, I've really got to go badly.", Rachael whispered.
 
    "Good!", Mike murmured back, and went over to the toilet and sat
down, his hard cock standing straigght up.
 
    "No, I really mean it.  I HAVE to go!", Rachael protested.
 
    "Come and go."  Mike growled playfully, and grabbed her hips and
moved her to sit forward on his cock.  Rachael slowly slid down onto
his waiting member, and gasped at the wonderfully full feeling it
elicited.  "So go."  Mike whispered between kisses, as he pinched her
nipples again.
 
    Rachael began to move up and down, trying very hard not to pee,
but the faster she moved, the more excited she got, and the less
control she had.  Some of her warm pee began toleak out and to drip
down Mike's cock onto his balls.  Her embarrassment was soon overcome
by Mike's obvious excitement, as he moaned his pleasure.
    
    She couldn't hold it much longer, and as she realized he was at
his peak, she let all her hot piss out, streaming over his cock as it
moved in and out of her, covering his hairy balls with her warm
waters.  His violent moan told her he enjoyed the feeling as juch as
she had.  His cock kept moving in and out of her as it began to loose
it's hardness, and then she felt his piss filling her, and pouring out
of her cunt and up around her clit before drippin down over his cock
and balls to join her piss in the bowl.  The warmth of his pee, the
novelty of the experience, and his teeth on her nipples made her
shudder with a second orgasm, as her hand rubbed the place where his
cock entered her sopping pussy.
 
    As Rachael and Mike cleaned up, they could hear the patrons
outside the door waiting for the restroom to be available.  Rachael
was embarrassed to be seen leaving the men's room with a man, and 
wouldn't go.
 
    "Come on, be brave!", Mike cajoled, "You're going to have to get
used to being in tight situations in public from now on.  I've got
lots of other places I want to fuck you in."
 
    And with that, Rachael straightened her hair and clothing, opened
the door, and stepping out, winked wickedly at the two surprised men
waiting outside.
 
END

