Archive-name: Bestial/asc-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Animal Sex Circus - 2


WARNING! The following work  contains Sexually Explicit Material which
can not under current laws be shared by anyone under the age of 18
in the United States.  If material depicting Sexual Acts offends you,
do not continue to read this work.

Do not remove this warning from any copy of this work, physical or
electronic.  The scaner has inserted this warning for his or her and
your protection.


The Sex Circus should not be confused with what is popularly 
known as "the stag party," although a circus can be a part of a 
stag party. However, it rarely is. Currently there are four 
types in which only males compose the audience: the Bachelor 
Party, the Blue Show, the Smoker, and the rather specialized 
Good Will Show.

The Bachelor Party is simply a party without women an excuse 
the boys use to get together in honor of a buddy who is about to 
be married. Beer and whiskey are plentiful and so are the sorry 
old gags about wedded bliss. The closest the boys come to 
feminine companionship is in a few packs of pictures (the kind 
advertised in "girlie" magazines) and a number of lies told by 
guests who have "been around," wild tales about orgies they have 
either attended or heard about.

On the way home, after the party, a few of the more daring lads 
decide to show their manhood by dropping in at . . . "a real 
classy joint with beautiful dolls and . . ." But after driving 
around for an hour or so, and more tipping of the bottle, they 
decide the "beautiful dolls" have moved . . .

A step removed from this mild sort of innocent fling is the Blue 
Show. No one is ever sure how this type of show gets started. 
Bob tells Frank and Frank tells Jim and so on. But finally a 
night is agreed upon and the boys gather at the home of a friend 
whose wife is out for the evening. For awhile the boys sit 
around and drink, getting courage out of a bottle; then they 
lock all the doors, draw the shades and depart, nervously, for 
the rumpus room in the basement. Voices are low and each man 
acts like a junior Dick Tracy, as there is general concem over a 
"spy" getting in. Just who the "spy" might be and represent is a 
deep mystery. However, no Blue Show is complete without a 
suspected "spy."

The host grins stupidly and says, "Well, I guess we'd better get 
started." He and another guest begin opening four or five cans 
of film and loading the 16 mm projector, which the host has 
borrowed from either his church or a local high school.

The lights are tumed down and the "movie" begins. There isn't 
any danger of the films winning an Oscar. They are usually 
spotty and have a tendency to lapse into flickers of white 
nothingness. As to the "actors" and the story plot . . . a 
typical film might be called A Date With My Doctor. In this 
classic epic we see a young girl going into a doctor's offlce. 
There is no nurse, and the "doctor" crudely disguised in glasses 
and false beard - shows the young lady into his private office. 
She acts shy and afraid. He turns and leers at the camera and we 
can see his lips moving, telling the girl to undress. She does, 
slowly, until she is stark naked. The doctor advances and has 
the girl lay down on what passes for an examining table. He then 
indulges in various sex acts with her, climaxing the scene with 
sexual intercourse.

It is the Blue Show that is often raided by police. The guests 
are held for disorderly conduct and are fined anywhere from five 
to one hundred dollars each, depending upon how loudly the local 
bluenoses have been beating their moral drums. Naturally the 
wise thing to do is to plead guilty, pay up and get the hell out 
before the publicity gets out of hand.

Newspapers in reporting such raids have to rely on tired 
euphemisms as "obscene performance" and "pornographic" material.

One Chicago raid in the summer of 1967 netted almost the entire 
membership of a labor union, plus five women. This was duly 
noted by the press, plus the fact that ten reels of film, in 
color and with sound, were confiscated.

In a California raid, the police net also included a 
photographer, who was at the party to develop and print pictures 
for guests who might have trouble having them processed at the 
local drug store.

Girls are occasionally used in the Blue Show. However, I use the 
word "girls" in the broadest sense, for unless the ladies are 
enthusiastic amateurs  or unless it is a very swank affair they 
are likely to be very sad indeed. This is easy to understand, 
since a gal with a good private practice is not prone to make 
house calls, and the talented free-lances are seldom interested 
in the large, economy-size project, all of which leaves "Smoker" 
work to ladies who are either too unattractive for steady work 
or almost too old to walk!

This author personally has known men who could laugh at some of 
the weirdest perversions in the world, but would almost vomit in 
horror at the female aspect of the program. As one salesman 
cried, "It's disgraceful and indecent! Hell! That dame's old 
enough to be my grandmother!"

Be that as it may, it is Grandma's job to circulate among the 
guests, say witty sayings and disappear from time to time with 
individual males. All sorts of elaborate plans are made in 
advance for spiriting her away in case of trouble, and trouble 
is always close by, for this type of dame usually manages to get 
very drunk, which seems to be a sort of occupational hazard of 
the profession. Often Grandma will do a sloppy strip-tease and 
end up passed out on the floor.

There is the genuine "anything-goes" Smoker - rather rare, 
mainly because of the expense and the difficulty of finding a 
place to hold it. This type of deal is usually held in various 
parts of the country by say, National Guard units, fireman's 
groups and the like.

There may or may not be movies at a rip-roaring smoker, but 
there are always girls. And unless this is really a swank 
affair, the girls will be mature. This is the only compliment we 
can give them. The goodlooking younger talent simply isn't 
interested, not unless the price is right, and the price is 
seldom right because the boys can't afford it, or else don't 
want to.

The program? After the boys are a little boozed up, the 
entertainment begins with an "act" performed by the star. For 
some remote reason many of these performers insist on displaying 
some kind of sick-sick talent (aside from the usual one). They 
either sing, dance, juggle or otherwise make fools of 
themselves.

(I attended one Smoker several years ago in Tampa and the "star" 
walked onto the stage carrying a basket containing what she said 
was a dove. It was the bird's job to fly around and pull off her 
veils, until she was in the nude. Most of us figured that was 
one helluva way to do a strip tease, but we waited patiently, 
that is until a middle aged banker, who was pretty well pooped, 
demanded loudly that we ". . . take that goddamned owl outta 
here!" The lady took offense at this and a free for-all was 
almost had.)

Anyhow, having made her bow to a disgusted muse, the performer 
gets down to work on her speciality. If the boys are operating 
on a low budget, she does this alone on the stage. But if the 
boys want to pay for it, she works with a partner or two. You 
can well imagine what the "act" consists of.

Often the show depends on audience participation. The lady 
shouts: "Is there a gentleman down there who will assist me?"

At this point the crowd will invariably push forward a pal who 
is known to be (l) a show-off; (2) a prude; (3) classically 
plastered. The lady, or ladies, loudly assists in getting him on 
the stage. Often the poor boob will try to run, but of course he 
doesn't get far. Then again, the boob will throw himself whole-
heartedly into the business, with such vim and vigor that he has 
to be pulled off by the "entertainment committee." But usually 
he will yield to popular demand and make a grotesque attempt to 
do what the girls ask him to do, grinning stupidly and often 
fauing off the stage in the confusion. As a rule he does succeed 
in making a complete ass of himself.

This breaks the moral ice and the party turns into something of 
a free-for-all: The girls run around naked all over the place 
and every now and then go into a back room with one of the boys. 
There is laughter and shouting and clouds of cigar and cigarette 
smoke. The party breaks up when the guests start passing out or 
somebody tosses a punch.

The Goodwill Setup (or VIP Party) is not a stag party in the 
strict sense of the term. It is for men, and the entertainment 
is strictly physical, but in his case the host is a public 
relations man with an enormous budget, in search of a sure-fire 
way to persuade a small group of VIPs to think gratefully of his 
client and to do business with him.

The whole business of high-powered sex usuauy begins with 
cocktails at a good hotel. The VIPs are introduced to lovely 
young ladies, who are usuauy in their early twenties, with 
clothes, accents and manners that are flawless. These girls are 
top professionals in the business and show uncanny skill in 
pleasing their escorts. Looking and acting like movie starlets, 
no one would ever dream that they are $200 and $300 and $500 a 
night cau girls. These girls are also available for longer tours 
of duty, such as weekend cruises, visits to private lodges, etc. 
Of course their rates are higher for this type of work and can 
run as high as a grand or more. But as we have said, these girls 
are the best money can buy .

The Sex Circus, with or without animals, is undoubtedly the most 
depraved and vulgar exhibition known to the human mind, and no 
city or large size in the world is free of such an extravaganza. 
London, Paris, Rome, Madrid, the St. Pauli section of Hamburg, 
Germany, Tokyo (and it is even rumored that such displays have 
been put on in ultra-prudish Moscow) and in the United States . 
. . the Near North Side in Chicago . . . certain sections of 
Greenwich Village. . . Las Vegas . . . Austin . . Detroit . . . 
and others.

In Latin America . . . Havana, Cuba, in pre-Castro days was 
truly a mecca for Circus acts, such productions taking in 
thousands of dollars per day from gaping American tourists.

In Havana, the competition for the tourist trade produced, 
finally, four types of circus performances. One type emphasized 
the surroundings  like the walls, floor and ceiling being all 
mirrored, so that the spectators could watch the acts from any 
and every angle. In another type, the focus was on youth, the 
performers all teenagers, the attraction centering around the 
depravity of boys and girls so young.

HOMOSEXUALS, male and female, provided the tourists with the 
third type of show, performing en masse, in which lesbians (or 
male homosexuals) rolled together in simulated or real 
simultaneous orgasm.

The human/animal sex circus was the fourth type.

Dr. Robert van Dextrineholtz, a medical doctor from River 
Forest, Illinois (a suburb of Chicago), an orthopedist to be 
precise, was a spectator at a human/animal sex circus, in which 
the "actors" were teen-agers, not one over sixteen. As an added 
attraction, elderly men and women performed with the teen-agers. 
Finally, Youth and Age indulged in acts of perversion with 
beasts.

Dr. van Dextrineholtz has given us permission to use his name 
and to record his history. I now give it in the first person.

Doctor Robert van Dextrineholtz: It was our good fortune mine 
and my wife's to be spectators at what is known as a sex circus. 
The one I attended I and my wife was held in a large private 
home on the Rio Del Prado in Havana, my knowledge of the affair 
having been conveyed to me by a tout who, openly, solicited 
business all over the city. He did this quite openly and I 
assume that he and other shills were not the least bit concerned 
about interference from the police.

I discussed it with my wife, not wanting to go without her.

"It will be unusual," Marie said. "And we might never get 
another chance to see such depravity just so we don't have to 
participate!"

So we went in the middle of a hot July afternoon, and the cost 
was one hundred American dollars per person.

I was further convinced that the police were getting a share of 
the profits when we arrived by cab at the huge house and were 
ushered inside by a very pretty Negro maid. She was about twenty 
and very pretty. She took us to a very large room on the first 
floor and told us we could sit where we wanted and smoke.

She indicated a bar on one side of the room. "Anything you want 
to drink," she said. "And the prices are the same as at the 
better hotels. Enjoy yourselves, Americanos."

On one side of the spacious room was a stage perhaps four feet 
tall and twenty feet square, and in front of it scores of 
folding chairs, the kind seen in public halls and lodges. There 
must have been forty or fifty people present men and women of 
all ages but no children  and nationalities, though the majority 
were Americans, I judged. They sat there, smoking, laughing and 
talking loudly. Some were drinking and not a few were 
intoxicated. My wife and I took seats as close to the stage as 
we could. The front rows were already filled.

About fifteen minutes later when all of the chairs were filled, 
a Cuban came onto the stage one of those pinched-faced, slicked-
down types that reminded me of a weasel. And he had several 
gold-capped teeth in his mouth.

--
