
                                   "Attacked"

                Interested in N/C and/or Wife Watching stories??
                          E-mail me! TextTrdr@aol.com

     I had an experience last month that I thought your readers might like to
read about. It began while my husband, Hal, and I were returning home from
watching a movie at an adult theater. Hal was really horny and so was I. On the
drive home, I had my husband's cock out of his pants and was sucking it while
he fondled my tits.  I got so hot that I begged Hal to fuck me right then. He
drove our car into a dark, deserted alley off the main street.

I got ready to get into the back seat but Hal suggested that we fuck on the
hood.  The danger of getting caught made me even hotter so I agreed to my
husband's request.

    I stood next to the car while my husband made sure no one could see us.  He
came around the car and told me to take off my blouse. I had it off in a flash!
Hal reached around me and unfastened my bra, letting my 40" (DD) tits hang
free.  I grabbed his hardon through his pants and gave it a firm squeeze.  My
husband pulled my bra off the rest of the way and began fondling my heaving
jugs.  I could feel my juices flow as he sucked on my hard nipples.  Hal told
me to lay across the fender so her could screw me from behind.  I turned around
and bent over, laying my upper body onto the warm hood.  Hal unfastened my
skirt, unzipped it, and let it fall around my feet.  Then, he pulled my panties
down over my ass and let them fall.  I heard him unzip and then felt his hands
run up and down my thighs.  I stepped out of the clothes at my feet and spread
my legs wide apart to expose my waiting cunt.  I moaned to my husband, "Oh,
yes! Yes! Fuck me, baby! I want your cock fucking me, now!"  He moved up behind
my wet pussy and inserted his dick.  I heard him groan and then he began
pumping my slick fuck hole.  The feeling of being fucked, out in the open, on
the hood of our car, made me crave Hal's cock like an animal.  He entered me
with slow, steady pushes while he fondled the cheeks of my hot ass. Soon I knew
Hal was loosing his control as his thrusts became quicker and more forceful.

    My husband was fucking me like he does just before he is ready to cum.  He
rammed into me with deep thrusts, causing my whole body to lurch forward with
each one.  I had already cum once and was on my way to having another orgasm as
Hal's cock slid back and forth over my clit. Just when I thought he was going
to shoot his spunk into me, I heard some men's voices and felt Hal's cock jerk
out of my pussy.  I lifted my head and looked behind me to see two Latin men
holding my husband's arms as he struggled to get free.  I didn't know what to
do so I began screaming as loud as I could and pushed myself up from the car
fender that I was bent over.  When I was almost fully standing again, a third
man appeared from behind the alley wall and pushed hard at the center of my
back.  I fell forward onto the car hood and my cheek slammed into the warm
metal.

    The man who had pushed me down, pressed his hand into my back, holding me
to the hood.  The forceful shove I'd received caused me to stop screaming, but
my mind was swimming with pure fear.  I heard one of the men holding my husband
say, "O.K. man, now you're going to watch your old lady get fucked by us!"  The
man pressing on my back said, "Now watch real good, man.  I think your woman,
here, is going to like this!"  I managed to turn my head over onto the other
cheek and saw Hal looking at me.  He was fighting to free himself but the men
holding him were overpowering my husband.  I felt a hand slide over my ass and
then I heard a belt buckle jingle and the sound of a zipper being pulled down.
I was shaking with fear and tried to push myself up, but the pressure on my
back increased.

    My ankles were kicked hard to force my legs apart and several fingers poked
at my pussy.  My cunt was still wet from Hal's fucking and I heard my attacker
say, "Yeah, man! She got a wet cunt here!"  The other men were laughing and one
said, "Yeah, fuck her!  Fuck her so her old man here can see!"  I felt the
man's cock slide into me and I screamed out, "Get off me, you fucking bastard!
Get off me!"  The cock slid further into me and the bastard said, "Just hold
on, lady.  Your going to like my dick fucking your hot pussy!"  His feet held
my legs apart as his hands pinned my arms to the car.  He made grunting noises
while he fucked me. He sounded just like a pig rooting as he thrust into me.
The whole time I was getting fucked, I watched my husband's agonizing face.
Hal couldn't help me as the other men forced him to watch.  I felt the man's
hips press against my ass, his cock fully buried in my cunt.  He groaned as his
sperm gushed within me.

    I had resigned myself to the fact that there wasn't anything I could do to
prevent my rape so I laid there lifeless on our car hood.  After the man
finished cumming, he pulled out of me and walked around to where I could see
him. He grinned as he looked at me and then at his cock, saying "Just look at
the mess your pussy made on my dick!  It's fucking covered with your cunt
slime, bitch!"  He grabbed my hair and pulled my head over to his waist and
said, "Suck my dick clean!  Suck all that slime off it, bitch!" He held his
cock to my lips and I took it in my mouth.  I slurped off the mixture of my own
juices and the bastard's sperm while he moaned in delight. He pulled his cock
out of my mouth, zipped up his pants, and went over to take another man's place
at holding my husband.  The Latino he relieved smiled at me and began undoing
his pants.  As his cock became exposed he said, "Look at this, lady!  Its'
bigger than Juan's!  Do you like it?" He looked at the man who had just fucked
me and laughed.

    The dark-brown man stepped out of the pants around his ankles and came over
to me.  He rested his ass against the car fender and said, "Get over here and
kneel down in front of me, you fucking whore!"  I straightened up and moved
around to face the big man.  His hands went to my tits, he looked over at Hal
and said, "Man!  These are some nice jugs your old lady has!"  He looked back
at me and said, "O.K., whore, get down on your knees. I want you to hold my
dick in you hands.  I want you to lick it all over so your old man can see you.
I want him to see you suck on my balls!" As I kneeled, I felt the sperm running
out of my pussy and down my leg. I held the man's big, dark hardon with both
hands and began licking the underside of it.  Hal was yelling, "Don't do it
Kay! Run, Kay, run now!" One of the men gripping his arm, punched my husband in
the stomach and said, "Shut your fucking mouth, asshole, and watch your whore
lick Jose's big dick!"

    I was afraid for Hal's life, so I continued to lick my tongue up and down
the length of the long cock.  The man pushed on my head and said, "Now suck on
my balls, whore!"  I lifted his heavy cock and opened my mouth to take in one
of the large testicles.  The smell of the man's body odor was strong as I
pushed my nose into his pubic hair.  I rolled the oblong ball in my mouth and
coated it with saliva before pulling my lips over it and sucking it dry again.
The man's knees were quivering and he moaned as I sucked on his other testicle.
I licked his cock some more and coated it with my spit. I figured the sooner
that I got this guy off the sooner he'd leave me alone.  I looked at my husband
and said, "Its' O.K. Hal, I don't mind."  I looked up to the face of the man I
knelt before and said, "Oh! This is such a nice, hard cock!  I've never seen
one this big before!" I held the base with one hand and slid my other hand up
and down the saliva slicked shaft while licking my tongue over the round head.
The man began to breath heavily as I pumped his cock with one hand and held his
large balls with the other.

    I looked up to the excited man's face, jerked rapidly on his swelling cock,
and said "Ooo! Yeah! Come on!  Your balls are so big and heavy!  I bet you
shoot a lot of sperm when you cum, don't you.  Do you want to cum on my face,
in my mouth, on my tits?  Yeah, I want you to!"  His face grew taught as he
watched me jack him off.  I opened my mouth wide and held it below the stiff
cock.  The man suddenly bellowed and shot a long string of hot sperm into my
face.  Another long string blasted into my open mouth. He yelled out as several
more sticky wads hit my neck and hair.  I continued to jack his cock until the
last few drops of cum oozed from it's head and then I slid my sperm covered
lips over it.  The big man was jerking and twitching from his orgasm and said,
"Look at all my scum on this whore's face!  She likes to eat my cum, too! Look
at how she licks it from her lips!"

    Hal had stopped resisting the other two attackers and just stared at my cum
covered face.  The third Latino took off his pants and said, "I'm going to fuck
that whore, now!  But, I want to watch her suck her old man's dick while I'm
screwing her!"  Hal's pants were still pulled down around his ankles and I
could see his cock was rock hard.  I said to him, "You must like how your whore
looks with another man's cum all over her face, don't you?  The other man,
there wants to fuck me while I suck your dick, dear!  Would you like that?" My
husband didn't answer, but both men approached me with their stiff cocks
leading them.  I got down on all fours and the Latino kneeled behind my ass.
Hal kneeled in front of me and rubbed his cock over my sticky face. The man
behind me started fucking my cunt immediately while I sucked on my husband's
cock.  As the man rammed deep into my pussy I heard him say, "Oh, yeah!  What a
pussy your old lady has, man!  I can feel her squeezing my dick in there!"  I
was having a long, delicious orgasm as I got fucked from behind and sucked on
my husband's cock at the same time!  The Latino shouted, "Oh! Man! I'm fucking
cumming in this bitch!"  Hal yelled, "Yes! Fuck her cunt! I coming too!"  Both
cocks unloaded their sperm into me at the same time! While I was busy
swallowing my husband's, the Latino's spunk was spraying the walls of my
gushing twat!  I'd never felt so totally fucked before.

    The Latinos left Hal and me there, but as they left, one said "If you come
back and fuck in our alley again, you'll get the same from us!"  I looked at my
husband and then shouted back to the men, "We'll see you again, soon!"

                            -------- The End -------
