
                           Anal Delights
                           -------------

     I had been seeing this guy for nearly two months, and we had recently
started sleeping together.  On night, after one passionate climax, we laid
back to rest until our next entanglement.  Unexpectedly, my lover turned
over and asked if i'd let him have anal sex with me.  The thought excited
me immediately, as beforehand, I had only indulged in vaginal and oral sex.
I said "All right, lets try it." and went to get the trusty old jar of
vaseline.  I wanted plenty of lubrication to ease the pain.

     The thought of what was to come had him fully erect, so I applied the
jelly to his penis myself, stroking it as i did so.  I wiped off my hands
and then got back on the bed on all fours with my ass sticking up for him.
He rubbed some of the jelly on and around my anus as well, and then got in
position behind me.

     Teasingly, he slid his penis over my pussy and ass.  I couldn't wait
for it any longer, the suspence was killing me.  I begged him to give me 
his meat.  Slowly, gentily, he eased all seven inches of himself into my
rear entrance.  I had never felt him this hard.  The friction inside the
walls of my ass stung, but the excitement of the moment more than made up
for it.  

     I balanced myself on one hand so I could rub my clit as he loved me.
He started pumping, slowly at first, but soon with greater momentum.  I
fondled myself harder, trying to ignore the discomfort, and think about 
the extasy.

     After several minutes, he asked me if he could speed up.  I replied
"Yes".  As his thrusts became harder, he started to groan slightly.  I
could no longer keep my ballence on one hand, so I gave up my orgasm so he
could get the full benifit.  

     I could tell that he was quickly approaching a climax as his moans
became grunting noises.  Again he sped up, this time without my concent.
I knew he was beyond speach.  

     By this time, I was used to the friction, and it became only one of
many sensations I was feeling.  The whole eroticism of the situation had
taken over my thoughts and I let myself go completely.  I too started
moaning with each new thrust.  Soon he was going as fast as he would have
if he had been penetrating my vagina.  He was pumping faster than I could
moan, and so my moans turned into a half scream every few seconds.

     Finally, after a full ten minutes, he started moaning louder than I
had ever heard him.  His thrusts became uneven and I could slightly feel
his seed ejaculating inside of me.  We both collapsed on the bed, spent.

     It was one of the great variation experiences of my life.  But I must
admit that I couldn't sit down for quite a while afterwards.
