ALLAN

     Allan was starting to get hair on his legs.  The
light strands covered the calves and lightened as you
approached the muscular thighs.  His friend's tongue
licked up the inside of the smooth thighs toward the
still-hidden lump.  The outline in the pants showed the
14 year-old was interested but his face showed 
confusion.  He knew he wasn't supposed to want this but
still his small penis strained against the material of
his jeans.  Yeah, the boy was hard, very hard.  Allan
rubbed up against his friend letting the feeling flood
into his body.  
     Jon went to the same school as Allan and was in
several of his eighth grade classes.  He had thought
about other guys and had wanted to feel what someone else
was like but there hadn't been the opportunity.  He now
threw his caution away as his desires overtook him
completely.  Now Jon pushed his hand up inside of Allan's
shirt and rubbed against the tight stomach muscles and up
towards the chest.  His fingers felt the wetness of the
sweat and the small nipples  which were hard.  Jon knew
that Allan was enjoying the stimulation.
     Jon leaned over and let his tongue slide along 
Allan's stomach.  The muscles tightened from the
unfamiliar sensation causing ridges to appear.  The warm
wetness continued over the surface of his skin going ever
higher.  Allan unbuttoned the rest of his shirt bareing
the chest to his friend.  Jon slowly continued higher
until he encountered the first brown nipple.  Allan
shivered.  Jon tasted the salty taste of the sweat.  He
began to give attention to the nipple and then let his
tongue slide across the skin to the other.  Allan pushed
his chest outward if to push more against the wetness
that was circling the now erect nipple. Jon sucked in,
pulling the nipple outward and bit it gently.
     Allan reached down and stroked Jon's face and then
pulled him upward so that he was facing him.  His hand
dropped and reached forward, brushing Jon's thigh. Jon
smiled then leaned over and lightly kissed Allan's mouth. 
Allan's lips parted slightly, allowing Jon's tongue to
brush against the smile.  Jon began a deep kiss, barely
noticing Allan was stroking his erect member.
     Allan reached out and let his hand enter the tight
sweat pants until he felt the wetness of the hard penis
in his hand.  The light covering of pubic hair brushed
against his wrist as Allan stroked Jon's dick.  It was
standing up straight and shook with the action.  The pre-
cum coated the boy's fingers making it slide through the
fingertips with a light squishing sound.  He reached
lower and stroked the silky balls and feeling the wetness
between the legs.
     Allan knelt before his friend and looked at the
well-shaped legs.  Jon had a light covering of forming
hair running up his calves toward the bare thighs.  The
cut-off bikers shorts concealed the lump that Allan had
been playing with only moments before.  Allan leaned
forward and kissed the thigh. He felt the smooth skin
again his lips and he opened the soft mouth and began to
lick higher and higher.  Jon moved so that his legs
opened a bit so that Allan could lick closer to the penis
that was pressing against the tight shorts.  Allan
suddenly moved up and kissed Jon's concealed dick.  His
hands felt the smooth legs and rubbed Jon's inner thighs
as he rubbed the object of his desire through the
material.  
     Jon reached down, untied the knot and let the shorts
drop.  His penis stretched out towards Allan's face, the
tip only inches away from the drooling mouth.  Jon looked
curiously at the head of the penis, the smooth shaft and
at the balls of his friend.  He became aware of the scent
of the organs which were completely aroused.  
     Jon moved forward and let the end of the dick rub
again the peach-fuzz moustache on Allan's upper lip. 
Allan opened his mouth wider and the smooth head of his
friend sank slowly into his mouth. Jon reached down and
graspt the bottom of the muscle shirt he was wearing.  He
pulled it over his head exposing the well-formed and
hairless chest.  His armpits were almost devoid of hair
as well, with the first few darker strands coming in two
slightly darkened patches.  Jon was in the throws of
adolescence.
     The slight coolness of the air reacted with the warm
wetness surrounding his dick to make the 14 year old
piece straighten out to where it was even harder than
before.  That was almost impossibleþþhis dick was already
straining so hard that it hurt with every stroke of
Allan's tongue. But still he couldn't bear to pull the
meat out of the sucking mouth, it was his first time and
he couldn't believe how good it felt.  He knew that if
this kept up he was going to shoot spurts of the white
stuff, something he loved to do when alone in bed at
night.  But this time it wasn't the cool white sheets or
his pumping hand causing the sensations on his dick, it
was Allan's, real, soft mouth and tongue.  What else
could he want?
     Jon pulled Allan to his feet and slowly pulled the
T-shirt over his head.  Jon's pecs were well developed
from the yardwork that he did every night.  Allan
couldn't keep his eyes off of his friend's body. Allan
ran his hands down the smooth front of his friend causing
Jon to tighten the hard muscles.  Jon leaned back giving
Allan full access to the top of his body.  He raised his
arms behind his head making the biceps bulge and showing
the light hair that was coming in under his young arms. 
Allan ran his tongue across the chest leaving a cool
wetness on the first tit and stopping on the other. 
Allan lightly bit and licked the brown nub making it
harder.  Jon couldn't stand it anymore.  Suddenly he
dropped to his knees, pulled Allan's pants and underwear
down and sank the hard dick into his throat.
     Jon enjoyed letting the hardness fill his mouth.  He
could taste the saltyness that forming cum left as the
orgasm approached.  Jon's fingers stroked the tight nuts
and eased back between the legs where a sweaty wetness
was forming.  He leaned back and pulled Allan over him. 
Allan responded by moving over top of him and slowing
starting to fuck the mouth below him.  He was slow and
gentle at first but he began getting hotter and hotter. 
His tight, hairless ass moved up and down as he thrust
his boyhood into the warm mouth.  Without thinking he
gave a thrust and shoved his rigid member down into Jon's
throat.
     Jon started to gag and choke from the hard assault
but he found that he was able to take it all.  Allan
began to fuck the 14 year old mouth with a vigor.  He
slid the penis in all the way to the short hairs that
were forming then pulled it out until the head brushed
Jon's teeth.  
     Again and again Allan fucked Jon's young mouth until
the end of his dick began to tingle.  A shot of hot,
white cum burst forth from the swelled cockhead and
entered Jon's mouth.  Jon pulled back slightly allowing
more of the cum to fill his hot mouth.  He tasted the new
spunk as it coated his tongue. Shot after shot came from
the end of the penis until Jon's mouth was filled with
the white spunk.
     Jon pushed Allan off of his face.  He kept the load
of cum on his tongue so he could have the taste of Allan
a bit longer.  He flipped his friend over and pushed his
hard dick at the smooth white buns that were before him. 
A short swallow later, Jon had taken Allan's spunk and
was ready to make his friends asshole slicker.  He spit
on his hand and let the slimy wetness cover his cock.  
     Jon pushed forward until the wet cock head was
against his friends hole.  Another push and the dick
began entering the hot anus.  Allan cried out at the pain
but Jon wasn't going to be put off.  Slowly but
constantly he pushed forward feeling the hole widen and
allow entry to his straining penis.  Before long, Jon had
his entire member buried to the nuts inside his 8th grade
friend's butt.  It felt hot around the stiff pole and his
nuts rubbed against Allan's smooth cheeks.
     Jon grasp the legs of his friend and used them as
supports as he began to let his young prick slide in and
out of the asshole.  He pulled back until the beautiful
head appeared, surrounded by the pink wetness. He pressed
forward and the cock disappeared inside the tight,
fourteen-year-old hole.  The dick continued to pound his
friend until it made a squishing noise from the action. 
The head appeared and disappeared with the smooth shaft
behind it.  Allan pumped his strained penis as the
sensations of the ass fucking rolled through his body. 
What had started out as a painful action now filled him
as made him want as much of his friend inside of him as
possible.  He reached until he grabbed Jon's buns and
pulled him closer so that his ass was filled with as much
of Jon's cock as possible.
     A white burst of hot cum shot up and out of Allan's
cock and landed on Jon's shoulder where it rolled down
towards the hairless chest.  Shot after shot curved
through the air as Allan experienced the strongest orgasm
his young body had ever had.  The ass muscles strained
and convulsed around the penis that was inside of his
body.  This caused Jon to pump his young load into
Allan's butt, coating the inside with it's slickness.  
     Jon left the penis in the ass of his friend as it
became softer and softer.  He rubbed Allan's body softly
until the head finally slipped out of the tight hole.  He
turned Allan's face to him and kissed him, full, the
first time with his new lover.

