
                                  Sex Story
                            By: The Dungeon Master!

                                AFTER HOURS ASS

  Mary had been working for me for three weeks and she was driving me crazy.
She's a petite little thing with a fantastic figure and full, mouth-watering
tits.  Since I had hired Mary as my secrectary all I could think about was
fucking her in that perfect little ass.

  Maybe if Mary didn't wear those damn tight jeans that push right into the
crack of her ass, I would have been okay, but as things stood, all I could
think about was that ass.

  Both sides of her chubby little lips were fully defined by the clothing she
wore and I wondered if they gave her a kind of sexual push.  Everything about
Mary spelled sex.  Just 20 and with her blonde mass of curls and big brown
eyes, it seemed that a kind of sensual steam flowed from every part of her.

  I was always threatening to jump on that cute ass.  She would wiggle it
playfully then laugh her way out of the office.  All in good fun, until the
night we had to push hard to get a rush order out.

  Mary and I were alone.  I had always made it a rule to never fuck around
with my help.  I had kept to that rule all my life, but for some reason Mary
tempted me to break it.

  There was so much paperwork that we had to do some of it on the floor.  I
found myself just standing there, watching her little ass sway back and forth
as she crawled around on the floor.  That ass was so cute and sexy that I
couldn't take my eyes off it.

  I guess the animal in me took over then, because I don't even remember
getting down on the floor.  Fully clothed I wrapped my arms around her and
slipped my fingers into the crotch of her jeans.  Mary dropped the papers she
was holding and I felt her warm ass rolling against my huge boner.

  Then she pulled away and turned around to look at me.  We just stared at
each other for several moments, and then she started taking off her clothes.
I quickly followed suit.

  Mary's eyes were glazed and her lips were sparkling, full and shining with
moisture as she kicked the tight jeans from her slender ankles.  I had never
realized what beautiful legs she was covering up until that moment.

  Her tits were even bigger than I had thought and her skin was so soft and
smooth!  My cock shuddered as I bent down, pushing it between her legs.  I
held her tight as my hands roamed all over that soft, hot skin.

  She was sweating as much as I was and my hands were sliding into the crack
of her ass, pushing into her soft, downy cunt lips, feeling the rock-hard
little clit under my huge finger.  "I want to fuck you in the ass!"  I told
her.

  I licked her neck and face, finally sticking my tongue up into her mouth and
sucking on hers.  I pulled away from her slighty and held her at arms length,
my hands kneading her terrific ass.  She pulled away from me, kneeling on the
carpet, her lips grazing my cock just before she turned around.

  Mary was grinding her ass in the air for me, pushing it into my hot cock.  I
spit thickly on my pants and clothed my hot, hard prick with saliva.  I did it
again to make sure, pausing my other hand hard over her crinkled little anus.

  I pushed a finger up into her asshole, kind of spinning it around pushing it
from side to side as I made the passage wide.

  I held one hand underneath her wet cunt, delighting in the hot juice that
was dripping from the other hole.  My other hand gripped my wet, slippery cock
at the base and I pushed the circumsized head against her small anus.  I could
tell right away that she knew how to take a cock up the ass, knew how to relax
without having to be coaxed.  I wondered just how many guys had fucked her
pretty little pink asshole.

  I watched with fascination as the thick head of my prick vanished inside
Mary's asshole.  She bucked and my fingers slid up inside her cunt hole.

  She was pushing her ass, grinding it and lifting it higher and higher as her
tight hole swallowed more and more!!  The hot friction turned me on
incredibly. It was like my cock was being gripped in a hot, fleshy vise, and I
loved it!

  I pushed once more, hard and Mary yelped.  I wasn't hurting her!  She was
moaning and pushing her ass harder and harder into me until my entire cock was
inside that tight, hot little asshole.  My pubic hairs were flush against her
cheeks and we were both trembling with pleasure.

  Mary was crying: "Fuck my asshole.  Oh fuck! Fuck!"  And I did!  I gripped
her pussy even harder and let my sweating body drip onto her as I pushed and
shoved my cock in and out of that torrid little hole!

  I felt Mary spasm hard around my long, searching fingers and I dug them
deeper into her cunt, pressing against walls of her slippery, creaming pussy
hole as I fucked her sweet asshole.

  I felt the climactic surge begin in my balls and I pushed all my cock inside
Mary as I came like a cannon burst.  I was grunting as my thick, hot sperm
gushed into her and she was bucking and pushing as I came until I could hardly
bare anymore!

  We both collapsed on the floor, breathless, exhuasted and satisfied. That
was the beginning of my anal affair with Mary.  I shouldn't keep it up, since
she's my employee, but I just can't resist her.  When a man who loves ass
fucking as much as I do meets a woman who likes it as much as Mary does,
there's no resisting the inevitable!

