    A kinky episode happened two summers later. Mary was working
for a bank in a ritzy resort town. Her bank manager needed some
video surveillance equipment installed and Mary recommended me. 

     Her boss (a late 30's divorcee) called me and offered the
job. It was going to take me about two weeks to complete
everything she wanted done at the bank and at home, so she
offered to put me up at her place while I did the work. When I
got there and talked to Mary, I found out that her boss had been
punishing her ass every Friday night since she started work, and
Mary loved it. I also found out the real reason the boss (I can't
remember her name so I will call her Linda) wanted the video
equipment was to catch her employees (tellers at the bank and
maid at home) doing something wrong so she could try to punish
them.

     I did the work at her house first, because the maid was out
of town for the week and Linda wanted the cameras hidden from the
maid. That Friday night, we tried out the cameras and recorder by
taping Linda and I punishing Mary. Linda really enjoyed getting
licked by Mary while I fucked Mary's cunt and ass. That Saturday,
the three of us romped around the house and pool stark naked,
sucking and fucking everything we could. Linda may have been
twice our age but she was a really enthusiastic fucker.

     Saturday night we went to dinner and an x-rated movie. Both
ladies wore tube tops, denim miniskirts and sandals (no bras, no
panties) and they were very hot. After the movie, we bent Mary of
the hood of the car, pulled up her skirt and spanked her ass
right there in the parking lot. Then Linda pulled down Mary's
tube top and we both sucked on her tits, fingering her cunt and
ass until Mary was begging for a fucking. We allowed Mary to
strip completely naked and suck my cock a bit, then we laid her
out on the hood of the car again, this time face up. As I opened
her legs and slid my cock into her hot juicy cunt, Linda hiked up
her skirt and sat her cunt down on Mary's mouth. Later we went
back to Linda's for a late night swim and more fucking.

     On Sunday Linda's maid Rosetta returned. She was a fleshy
little mexican girl, slightly younger than Mary, but still legal
age. Linda, Mary and I watched her for more than an hour from the
control room, before we saw her unpack a few ounces of pot. We
rewound the tape and set it up to playback to the TV in the
living room. Mary brought Rosetta into the living room and Linda
began her act. Eventually Rosetta was begging Linda not to call
the police or immigration, saying that she would do anything for
us. Linda told her that she needed to be properly punished and
that the three of us would do it. Then she told Rosetta to strip.
Rosetta hesitated and Linda nodded to Mary and me. I grabbed
Rosetta's arms and Mary began to unbutton Rosetta's uniform. We
dropped the uniform to the floor leaving Rosetta wearing just her
bra, panties and shoes. Linda told her that she was to obey every
command we give her or she would be turned over to the police for
them to strip-search. Rosetta nodded and fumbled with her bra
until it popped free and she slowly exposed her big fleshy tits.
She was bigger and fleshier than Mary. Linda told Mary and me to
measure Rosetta. We took a cloth tape measure and measured around
her chest, and then around each tit, and then across each areola
and then between nipples and finally we measured how long we
could make her nipples grow. She shivered every time Mary pulled
or stroked her nips. Then Linda told her to strip off her
panties. She slowly peeled then down to show us the hairiest
pussy I have ever seen. Linda had her turn around to make sure
the cameras got a good view of her for posterity. Then Linda told
her that she needed to be cleaned up before any further
inspection could take place.

     We brought her to the master bedroom and I reset the
controls to videotape the bedroom instead of the living room. We
put Rosetta on the bed and Mary and I held her legs up and open
so that Linda and the camera would have a good view. Linda then
got her equipment out and proceeded to cut off all of Rosetta's
pubic hair. Then she shaved the stubble, even having us turn
Rosetta over onto her knees so that Linda could shave her ass. I
had seen a shaven cunt in porno movies but this was the first one
I had the chance to play with. Then Linda had us take Rosetta
into the bathroom and stand her in the tub. Linda prepared an
enema bag (I had only heard about these, Mary had already been
introduced to them by Linda).

     Mary and I watched (and played with each other) while Linda
lubricated Rosetta's asshole, inserted the nozzle and filled her
ass with hot soapy water. After two enemas, we let her shower,
with us watching of course. Then we returned to the living room.
Mary and I then measured the rest of Rosetta. How large her hips
were, how log her slit was, how long her clit was, how far from
her cunt to her asshole, etc. Then Linda brought out a long dildo
and inserted it into Rosetta's cunt. Then we bent her over and
Mary and I held her arms so her tits dangled down free. Her legs
were spread wide and Linda began the spanking. She spanked
Rosetta until her asscheeks were a hot pink. Then she had Mary
and I deliver a slap to each cheek.

     We stood her up. Linda told her to undress Mary. She
hesitated but did it after another slap on the ass from Linda. As
she uncovered Mary's tits Linda told her to kiss them to
apologize for being so naughty. Rosetta slowly kissed Mary's
right nipple just enough to have done it. Then Linda told her to
suck Mary's left one. Rosetta hesitated again, until Linda poked a
finger between her asscheeks and into her asshole. Linda had her
take off Mary's panties and kiss her pubic mound and then had
Mary turn around and bend over. Linda pushed Rosetta's face
against Mary's ass and instructed her to kiss and lick Mary's
pale ass. Linda was finger fucking Rosetta's asshole while
Rosetta performed. When she told Rosetta to strip and suck me.
Rosetta did not hesitate, but got her ass fingered by Mary
anyway. She was a good cock sucker and after all the playing Mary
and I had done, I came fairly quickly filling Rosetta's mouth.
Linda warned her not to lose a single drop of my cum, but to
swallow it all. Then Linda presented herself to be stripped and
kissed by Rosetta. She held Rosetta's head while she sucked on
Linda's tits. She did a good sucking this time. When Linda was
completely naked she sat down on the couch and spread her legs.
She told Rosetta that she should lick her mistresses cunt. Mary
and I grabbed Rosetta's arms and pushed her down to her knees in
front of Linda's wet cunt. We began slapping Rosetta's ass
lightly until she surrendered and began licking. She seemed to
service Linda quite well with proper instruction from Linda. Mary
wanted to get fucked so she sucked me until I was erect and then
we fucked watching Rosetta do her lesbian duties. When Linda was
finished cumming and I had shot a load of cum (not much but some)
into Mary's cunt, Linda took the dildo out of Rosetta and
positioned her over Mary for a 69ing. Mary absolutely devoured
that hot hairless cunt. And Rosetta licked my cum out of Mary's
hole. After they were finished, we sent Rosetta to make lunch and
bring it to us at the pool. She was told to stay completely
naked. We lounged at poolside naked until Rosetta brought lunch.
Then as we ate lunch, we had Rosetta orally perform on each of
us. Not enough to make us cum, but enough to please us and keep
Rosetta busy.

     We swam and sunned ourselves all afternoon, while Rosetta
did her normal duties (still naked). That evening Rosetta made
and served dinner naked and again orally serviced us while we
ate. After dinner, we retired to the living room and watched a
replay of Rosetta's strip, inspection, cleaning and oral
servitude. Rosetta was then told to lay out on the floor and
masturbate for us. She spread her legs and fingered her hot
hairless cunt for 5 minutes before she was near cumming. Then
Mary and Linda knelt beside her and held her arms and legs, so
that she could not continue her fingering and could not prevent
me from accessing her slick cunt. Linda asked Rosetta if she was
ready to fuck me. When Rosetta asked her not to let me fuck her,
Linda instructed me to poke the dildo into Rosetta's cunt. It
slid in so easy,and Rosetta moaned all the way. Linda repeated
her question and Rosetta just shook her head. Linda then told me
to pump the dildo into her. I slowly began sliding it in and out,
and Rosetta began writhing. Linda stopped me and repeated her
question. Rosetta shook her head (slower and less than before).
Linda had me pump the dildo a bit faster. Rosetta moaned louder
this time and really tried to wiggle her hips. Linda stopped me
again and repeated the question. This time Rosetta nodded yes.
Linda told Rosetta to say it. Rosetta asked Linda to let me "do"
her. Linda told her that she would have to be more explicit in
her sexual requests. Rosetta asked her to let me fuck her. Linda
motioned for me to move closer. I scooted closer and took my cock
and slowly moved the head up and down her wet slit parting her
fleshy cuntlips. Linda told Rosetta to ask for it again. Rosetta
began begging for a fucking and Linda told me to fuck her silly.
I plunged into her and she moaned and groaned as I fucked her hot
slick cunthole. I had cum in her mouth twice already that night
and this fuck was going to take a long time. After Rosetta's
second orgasm, Linda and Mary let go of her and they laid down
for some 69ing next to us. When they finished, they had me stop
and they moved Rosetta over a hassock and I slid into her cunt
from behind. I did not last much longer watching Linda and Mary
pulling on Rosetta's tits and getting their own sucked on by the
girl I was fucking.

     We rested a long time and then after desert sent Rosetta to
bed with another spanking. We retired to Linda's bedroom to watch
(and record) Rosetta fingering herself. We fell into bed and
sucked and fucked a while before falling asleep. The next day we
went to the bank and all did our jobs with only the slightest of
snickers when we looked at each other. That night before dinner
Linda had Rosetta shower with each of us. First with Linda and
then with Mary and finally with me. We washed her tits and cunt
and ass until she was squeaky clean. We had her wash all of our
sensitive parts as well and use her mouth where appropriate.
Since I was the last to get washed and I saved her cocksucking
until the end, Linda used that time to give Rosetta another
enema. After she filled Rosetta ass with the soapy water, she
stuffed a butt plug into her. Then Linda and Mary began spanking
Rosetta's ass. The first slap caused her to close her mouth
around my cock a bit too tight, but Linda warned her to be gentle
with my cock or they would have to use paddles or straps to
punish her ass. After that Rosetta was very careful with my cock
in her mouth. They spanked her (not too hard but hard enough) in
synch with her cocksucking action so that my cock was deep into
her mouth as a hand landed on her asscheek. I finally shot a huge
load of cum into her mouth. It was too much for Rosetta to
swallow all at once and some dribbled out of her mouth. Linda
stood her up and she and Mary licked Rosetta's face clean. Then
they bent her over to my cock and had her lick all the cum off my
cock. I got out of the shower and Linda pulled the plug out of
Rosetta's butt and let her sit on the toilet. Then Rosetta had to
get back into the shower, and masturbate for us with the handheld
shower head. Her giggling tits were really sexy when she started
cumming.

     At dinner, Rosetta had to serve us naked again, and service
us orally as well. After dinner, Linda dug out a videotape for us
to watch. It was about 3 girls getting their asses fucked at a
summer resort. We tied Rosetta into a large stuffed chair, with
her butt scooted toward the front and her legs over the arms of
the chair. She was in a perfect position to watch the movie and
get licked at the same time. And we each ate her to two orgasms
(six total). After the movie, we untied Rosetta and took her into
the dining room. Linda bent her over to hold onto the table with
her hands. Her tits were dangling down like full udders wanting
to get milked. With her legs spread her hairless cunt and ass
glistened with her cum and our saliva. Linda had me get in front
of her and had her take my cock in her mouth. Then Linda and Mary
began to lubricate her virgin asshole with softened butter. They
each held one asscheek aside and alternated pokes into her
backdoor. Rosetta moaned softly with my ever enlarging cockhead
in her mouth. The ladies stretched Rosetta's asshole with each
probe until she could take two fingers into her tail, then they
began pumping two fingers in and out. Linda had Mary insert a
finger from each hand and pull Rosetta's asshole open so she
could push more butter inside. When Linda felt that Rosetta's
asshole was stretched and slick enough, she had me pull out of
Rosetta's mouth and she took a handful of soft butter and
slathered my raging hardon with it. My cock was just an inch or
two from Rosetta's mouth. Linda asked Rosetta if she wanted me to
cum, Rosetta said yes. Linda rubbed my cock head on Rosetta's
cheeks and lips and asked her if she wanted me to cum inside her,
Rosetta said yes. Linda had Mary poke two fingers into Rosetta's
asshole and rubbed my buttery cock across her lips and asked if
she wanted me to cum inside her ass, Rosetta said yes. Linda had
me move behind Rosetta and Linda put a chair in front where I
was. She sat in the chair so she could watch Rosetta's face and
play with her big dangling tits. Linda told Mary to take hold of
my cock and rub it up and down Rosetta's crack. She told Rosetta
that she would have to ask me to fuck her virgin ass before they
would let me inside Rosetta's asshole. Rosetta asked me to fuck
her ass. Linda told her to ask us to 'deflower her virgin ass'.
Rosetta asked Mary and I to 'deflower her virgin ass'. Linda told
Mary to insert just the head of my cock into Rosetta's backdoor.
Mary put one arm around Rosetta's waist and with the other pushed
my cockhead into Rosetta's hot buttered asspucker. Her asshole
was so hot and so tight, she held my cock tight, but she was so
buttery slick that she wouldn't keep me out. Linda pinched
Rosetta's nipples and told her that she was no longer a virgin
ass, but that I wasn't going to fuck her until she asked us to
make her into a slutty assfucker. Rosetta pleaded with Linda to
let me fuck her ass. Linda repeated that Rosetta would have to
ask us to make her into a slutty assfucker and pulled on her hard
nipples until she winced. Rosetta asked Mary and I to make her
into a slutty assfucker. Linda told Mary to push my cock all the
way into Rosetta's ass. Mary reached behind me and slowly pushed
me into Rosetta's backdoor. Her ass was so tight, she felt like a
glove gently fitted onto my cock. The buttering made it so easy
to slide in despite her tightness. When I was all the way in,
Linda had us stop and told Mary to kneel down beside Rosetta.
After she got used to having a cock fill her ass, Rosetta began
to slowly squirm her ass back at me. Linda asked Rosetta if she
was ready to become a hot slutty assfucker. Rosetta said yes and
begged to get her ass fucked. Linda told me I could start fucking
her for all she was worth (her ass was worth a lot). I slowly
pulled almost all the way out as Rosetta moaned. When I pushed
back in (a bit faster), Rosetta moaned even loader. I steadily
increased the speed of my strokes and Linda increased her playing
with Rosetta's tits. Mary didn't want to be left out so she
started playing with Rosetta's slick cunt. Rosetta began to suck
on Linda's small pointed tits and almost bit them when she came.
We gave her two orgasms before the tight warmth of her ass got me
to unload my cum into her tail. That night we tied Rosetta to her
bed so she couldn't play with herself. Later in the week, we
watched some more movies, this time I sat in the chair and each
lady climbed on and impaled her ass onto my cock and laid back
against me. We would watch the movie while the other two ladies
would be licking her cunt and my balls. We ended the evening with
Mary and Rosetta 69ing while I fucked Rosetta's ass (not quite as
tight as the first time, but still great).

     On Friday night, we went out to dinner with all three ladies
wearing just light summer dresses and NO bras, panties,
pantyhose, etc. When we got back, Linda had us come out to the
pool and had Rosetta strip on the diving board and jump into the
pool, Mary was next, then me and finally Linda joined us and we
spent most of the night fucking and sucking and eating. On
Saturday morning, I was awakened by a hairless cunt being pressed
to my mouth. I began licking at it, thinking that Linda had made
Rosetta wake me up this way. When I felt another hairless cunt
mounting my cock I opened my eyes and realized that this wasn't
Rosetta I was licking, it was Mary. When I had gotten Mary to
cum, she rolled off and I saw Linda riding my cock. Linda told me
that she and Rosetta had woken Mary with a surprise shaving and
that she decided to join them. After we both came, Linda took me
into the bathroom and we had a leisurely shower. When we got out,
we went to the dining room to find Rosetta and Mary had laid out
a fine breakfast and had climbed onto the table to be offer their
hairless cunts for eating as well. Linda and I rotated between
the two cunts and all the other tasty food on the table. Finally
we finished breakfast and we all went to shower (we had gotten a
little sticky from honey, jam, maple syrup,etc).

     I had to catch a noon train for home and Linda was going to
drive me to the station. She had me get into the back seat of her
car and had Mary and Rosetta get on each side of me. They were
still stark naked. As we pulled away from the house Linda told
them to give me a good going-away sucking. And I reached down to
bury my fingers into both of their hot cunts to give them one
last finger-fuck.

