			     Initiation



I like to watch.

Men file slowly into the small play space where my newest acquisition
lies on her back, naked, vulnerable, displayed on the table occupying
the center of attention in the small cold room.  The choke-chain
around her neck is padlocked to a ring embedded in the table; it's the
only restraint I use when they are alone and resting; it gives them a
strange sense of freedom; they can move their limbs but any small neck
movement chokes off their air passage and though their limbs are free
to kick and strike out, they eventually learn to endure whatever
attention is paid to them for fear of strangling themselves in their
struggles.

There are no special toys used during these initiating gang-fucks,
these men have paid well to be part of these "ceremonies"; forty or
more guys will bang the little bitch numerous times apiece before her
night's ordeal is over.

I believe in really driving home the lesson that they are just a piece
of meat, a live fuck-doll, amusing for the moment, their bodies mine
to sell or use at whim and then discard.  A thorough and completely
degrading fucking, a pleasure-less plugging in every hole they possess,
relentlessly stoppered with cocks and fingers and fists and tongues,
their bodies filled to overflowing with semen, this has proven to be
the best way to teach them I own them and they'd best get used to it.

Though frankly I could care less if they never accommodate their
situation; I myself get off on their desperate struggles, their
mind-shattering humiliation, their cries of disbelief at each new
horror practiced on them as they are used by others for selfish sexual
pleasure.

And most of my customers also get off on the anguished screams of the
fresh young meat I supply them with.

From my control room I monitor the progress in the play room.  The
girl's choke-chain has been unlocked from the table, the table pushed
to one corner of the room, the crowd of men moves organically,
symbioticly, one of them has the girl in a half-nelson, holding her up
off the ground suspended in his massive, muscular grip.  She is
screaming and kicking, another man is between her legs, gripping her
fleshy buttocks he drives his cock up into her and she shrieks and
twists, impaled on the fleshy staff.  

The crowd laughs at her struggling kicking frenzied futile attempts to
dislodge the meaty bludgeon abusing her dry interior, hands clutch at
her small firm tits, claw at her belly.

"Pry the little cunt open, Jack!"  one of the men from the back of the
cluster hollers encouragement at the man pistoning away in her vagina,
anxious for his turn no doubt.

"Her ass, man, don't just stand there," someone else hollers at the
muscular man helping to subdue the girl, "ream her goddamn ass out!"

"NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooo"

A terrible howling wail fills the room; the man holding her from
behind is moving rhythmicly; he has apparently taken to the suggestion
and managed to work his cock into the bitch's rectum.  Her screams
fill the room, and the gathered men laugh excitedly; I stroke myself
as I watch the two men hold her between them, suspended on their
dicks, laughing ecstaticly as they furiously pump her ass and cunt.

"Double fuck, holy shit!"

The crowd is clapping rhythmicly, chanting excitedly, jerking
themselves to the rhythm of the men plugging away at the young girl
screaming and twisting on their cocks embedded in her lower body.

The man in her cunt comes first, as he pulls out, the muscle-man
raping her asshole pulls his fat hard dick out of her ass, wrestles
her screaming twisting form to the ground, face down, hands pressed
between her shoulder blades he punches his bloody cock back into her
shit-hole, kneeling over her fleshy buttocks pounding into her with
all of his impressive strength as she shrieks and twists, obviously
unused to a good hard butt-reaming as evidenced by all the blood
coating her sodomizer's dick.

"C'mon bitch, kick harder, it feels soooo _good_ when you struggle." The
muscle-man is laughing at the small girl he has pinned beneath his
gyrating hips as he works his dick in her ass.  She kicks and screams
in horror at his taunts, at the agony of her first butt-banging.

The man is grunting, his buttocks tense, he slams especially hard into
her ass, his hips flashing up and down, his cock tearing into her
rectum as he is apparently ejaculating his cum into her.

As soon as he pulls his bloody, shit-coated cock from her ass another
man is on top of the defenseless, crying girl, pulling her roughly to
a kneeling position so he can get a better shot at her pussy she
struggles to crawl away from the dick plunging into her tight young
snatch but the man gripping her hips is stronger than she is and the
muscle-man is in front of her, demanding that she suck her butt-funk
off his dick, pressing his wilting dick against her tightly closed
mouth he has her by the hair as the cock slamming into her pussy is
pulled out and sperm flies the length of her back.

This little whore is an amazingly lively one, I know a few of my
regulars will be willing to pay me double for an evening alone with
her, assuming her spirit is not broken this evening.  She manages to
pull away from the dick in her pussy and the bloody filthy cock at her
face; realizing she cannot escape she scrambles under the table,
kicking furiously as the men crawl under to pull her out.

There are too many of them, a critical mass of intelligence.  One of
them gets the bright idea to pull the table away from the corner; it
moves more quickly than the girl does; even as she scrambles to stay
beneath the safety of the table naked men are on her; four of them
each hold a limb spread-eagled, her legs are pried impossibly wide, as
a fifth man flops his weight on top of her and rams a hard cock up
into her young pussy.

"It's inevitable bitch," he laughs and grunts, rutting excitedly as
she screams.

"You ain't fucking her hard enough if she still got enough energy to
holler!"  one of the crowd bellows out, to the raucous laughter of the
gathered men.

"Fuck you, my dick's fat enough to make a corpse scream when I ream
it!"  

More excited laughter.

The man currently balling the girl grabs her head between his hands,
slams his cock up into her in hard, pounding thrusts, a grin spreading
across his face as each long, slow, brutal raping jab of his dick
causes her to wince and cry and pull against the hands holding her
down.

"Might as well kick back and enjoy it, bitch, there's twenty or thirty
guys on line after me.

Tears, curses, only make him clutch her flat little titties and pound
his meat in her snatch even harder.

"Struggle bitch, your little pussy really sucks at my dick when you
fight like this, it feels _great_."  He laughs cruelly, continues
balling, grunting, from the angle of the third camera I have a perfect
shot of his balls slapping against her pussy, of his admittedly
monstrously fat cock battering her cunt.  He comes, grunting and
clawing at the girl's tits, his cum dribbling slowly out of her young
snatch.

Another man takes his place between her legs, and then another, and
another.  The cum leaking out of her snatch is forming a puddle
between her spread legs; her struggling is weakening, the men have let
go of her arms as one after another of the crowd takes their turn
fucking the fresh piece of girlmeat I've supplied them with.

I'm mesmerized by the motion of her body as cock after cock pounds
into her lower body; the way her small breasts jerk towards her face
as the cock in her pussy slams into her, the way her neck and back
arch, the wince of pain as cockhead contacts cervix, her head twisting
from side to side I re-run the tape in slow-motion to appreciate the
fine physics of a good long, vicious gang-bang.

During one long stretch, someone pulls the exhausted girl up off the
floor and bends her over the edge of the table.  She pulls an
hour-long agonizing ass-train then; although nearly two hours into her
ordeal, exhausted, bruised, her inner thighs showing signs of chafing
as countless hairy thighs have ground non-stop against her soft flesh
as they drive the cocks stretching her tight young pussy.  The little
bitch manages to find the reserve energy to shriek non-stop and
struggle futilely as she is held down, bent over the table, as cock
after cock is punched brutally through her asshole, her ass fucked
hard and deep, her firm fleshy buttocks flattening on impact as the
balls of her rapists slap wetly against the cum leaking from her
swollen twat, her mound driven painfully into the edge of the table by
each and every thrust in her ass.

One of the men has an especially vicious style, he loops one finger
into the ring of the girl's choke-chain, pulling back as he rams into
her, her cries end in a strangled gurgle, she gasps, struggles for
air, and shrieks as he slaps her thigh on the out-stroke; by the time
he has come her neck is beginning to show a red and purplish ring, the
side of her right thigh is swollen and bruised where he has slapped
her, and he has fucked her so hard her ass is bleeding again.  I
feared he'd ruptured her in his frenzy, and yet his particular style
is so exciting I came when he did, though I tried to pull back and
stall my orgasm.

The rest of the session is only more of the same; many of the men come
back for seconds, even thirds.  Interestingly, none of the men has
been brave enough to attempt oral penetration, after the considerable
spirit she exhibited early on in her initiation, I'm sure they were
afraid she'd bite them.  This is something I'll have to teach her
myself; the thought makes me smile.

When they are all finally too exhausted to get it up and there are no
more new takers, the remaining few amuse themselves by fisting her ass
and cunt, which are by then loosened up considerably, and I spend a
long hard evening slowly wanking myself back to the brink of ecstasy,
to the slowly softening cries of the young girl in room number 4.

It's the best initiation I've yet produced, and the film will be worth
a fortune on the black market.
