Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.


AssMasters

by:  Big Daddy



 AssMaster's (son's going away to college but his mother wants
to share with him a common desire for anal sex.  The two are
caught by her husband and they move away together)

	Tara picked up the magazine laying on her son's bed and looked
at it before tossing it in one of his suitcases.

"AssMasters, James?" she asked slyly as she tossed it aside. 
The cover of the magazine had a white woman bent over a sofa
with a black man stuffing her butt with his big black pole.

"Well," James said nonchalantly, "we all have to have hobbies."

"I see," his mother smiled as she continued helping him pack for
college.  "And your hobby is screwing girls up the ass?"

"Well, no actually," James laughed.  "I've never done it before."

"Really?" Tara asked surprised.  "Well we have something in
common then.  I've never been fucked up the ass either."

"Very funny mom," James said as he zipped up his suitcase and
placed the bag on the floor next to his other belongings.

"I'm serious," Tara said.  "I've never let any guy do that to
me."

"I thought you meant that I...oh never mind," James laughed.

Tara picked up the magazine from the unclosed suitcase, sat on
the bed and began flipping through the pages.

"I have to admit though," she said as her son finished packing. 
"It does look kind of fun."

"Maybe you should ask dad about it," James offered.

"Heck no," Tara sneered.  "That's too good for your old man. 
No, I'd have to have some young stud, like your age, to do
something like that."

"I'm sure you could find plenty of guys my age willing to poke
that ass," James glanced at his mother's rear end.

"That's so sweet Jamie," she smiled.  "He'd have to be as sexy
as you are though.  With you never having fucked a girl up the
ass and my never taking it that way, well...if I weren't your
mother I'd say we could make an arrangement out of that."

James choked on some spit and blushed.  He had thought about his
mother's tight ass on many occasions and secretly fantasized
about cramming that tight hole of hers.  Tara had one of the
best asses God ever blessed a woman with.  In fact, only one ass
stuck out in James' mind as being possibly better and that
belonged to his 14 year old virgin sister.  Amanda was the prude
of all prudes and would never let any man fuck her up the ass,
much less her own brother.  So, James spent night after night
paging through his issues of AssMasters and beating himself off
thinking about his mother.  Just last night he had shot a load
of cum onto a pair of his mother's panties that he had stolen to
take with him to college.

"That would be something," James mused out loud.  "I'd have to
say, if you weren't my mother, I'd do it in a heartbeat."

Tara looked at one of the pictures more closely and pretended to
think to herself out loud, "To tell you the truth, if I knew
your father wouldn't find out, I'd still say we could work
something out."

James tried to hide his obvious interest in the matter by
lightheartedly saying, "how could dad find out?"

"Well," Tara said as she sat the magazine down next to her and
looked at her son for the first time since the subject turned
serious.  "I suppose if we close your door we could do it in
here and no one would know."

"Ya," James said nervously.  "We could do that."

"Well," Tara said as she stood up and looked out into the hall
to be sure none of her daughters were listening to their
conversation.  "How would you like to fuck your mother up the
ass?"

James was hard the second his mother shut the bedroom door and
said those words.

"I can't believe we're gonna do this," he said even more
nervously than before.

"Where would you like me?" Tara asked as she started to pull
down her stretch pants as her son watched.

James could not speak as his mother pulled the pants off and
revealed her tight shapely ass to him.  Even with her pink
panties on, James couldn't believe how incredible that ass
looked.

"Uh, how about on the floor," James said.

"Like this?" Tara asked as she got on her hands and knees on her
son's floor and bent herself over his suitcase so that her ass
was sticking up at him.

"Uh huh," James nodded as he started to unbutton his pants now.

"Come on Jamie," Tara urged him.  "Get down her and shove your
cock up your mother's ass."

James finished undoing his pants and pulled them off, leaving
his underwear on.  Tara could see by the size of the huge bulge
in her son's undershorts that he was as hung as his father.

Tara watched with wide eyes as her son peeled off his underwear
and revealed his raging hard 8 inches.

"Ummmm," Tara mumbled as she started pulling her own panties
down to uncover her bare ass for her son.  "I can't wait to have
that big cock up my ass, Jamie," she said.

As soon as James had gotten to his knees, his hands were on his
mother's tight ass.

"Oh God," James said.  "You have such a nice ass."

"Thank you Jamie," Tara said as her son pulled her ass cheeks
apart and ran his finger down over her tight hole and then down
to her wet pussy.

James slipped his finger inside his mother's wet clit and slowly
worked it in and out of her slippery insides.

"Oh James," Tara moaned as her son fingered her slowly.

"May I put it in your pussy first mom?" James asked as he licked
his lips in anticipation.

"Oh yes, sweetheart," Tara moaned as she pulled her shirt off of
her body and undid her bra while James continued playing with
her clit.  James's mouth watered when he saw his mother's big
breasts hanging naked from her tight body.  Her brown nipples
were hard and pointy.

James grabbed his fat young cock and guided it between his
mother's legs as she looked at him over her shoulder.  

"That's it baby," Tara said.  "Give mommy that big hard cock of
yours."

Then, before either of them could change their minds, James
pushed his cock against his mother's clit and slid it into her
inch by inch.

"Ohhhh fuck...." Tara moaned as her son's cock began to fill her
insides with that thick stretching feeling she loved so much.

James could not believe how hot his mother's pussy was, or how
wet.  With one push he was all the way inside her until his
thighs were pressed against her tight ass.

"Oh mom," James groaned as he grabbed his mother's hips and
began to slowly fuck her while he watched his pole sliding in
and out of her tight cunt.

"That's it baby," Tara said as she pinched her nipples and
squeezed her tits.  "Fuck your mommy."

"This feels so good," James moaned as he continued pumping into
her slowly.

"I know baby," Tara said as she squeezed her tits harder.  
"You're making mommy feel so good too."

For the next 15 minutes James pumped his fat pole in and out of
his mother's snatch as he watched her play with her tits harder
and harder.

"Oh God baby," Tara gasped as she reached behind her and grabbed
her ass with a loud slap.  "Mommy's gonna cum!"

"Yes mother, cum for me!" James growled as he pumped into her
harder now.

"You're mommy's cumming baby," Tara panted.  "You're mommy's
cumming on your big hard cock."

James could feel his mother's pussy gripping his pole harder now
in little spasms. 

"Oh God mother," James groaned.  "It feels so good making you
cum."

"Oh yes!" Tara panted.  "Say that again!  Tell your mommy you
like to make her cum."

"I love to make you cum mother," James panted now too.  "Oh God
I love to feel you cum."

"OH JAMES!" Tara half shouted now.  "Tell me if I left your
father you'd make me cum every day."

"I swear to God, mother," James panted as she slammed into his
mother harder now.  "If you come with me I'll love you more than
anything."

Using her fingers between her legs, Tara spread her pussy wider
so that her son's cock could slide in and out easier.  

"God I want my son's big cock in my pussy every day!" she moaned.

"I'm gonna cum mother," James groaned.

"YES!" Tara said as she reached back and grabbed her son's cock.
 With just the tip of his pole inside her, Tara jerked her sons
slippery cock in her hand with frantic strokes.

"I wanna jerk that hot cum of yours into me," she moaned as she
continued pumping her son's pole with her fist. 

Suddenly a hot splash of sperm squirted up inside her and Tara
squealed.

"GODDD!!!  CUM IN MOMMY!"

Letting go of her son's pole now, James was able to shove
himself deep inside her and squirt the rest of his hot load up
his mother's womb.

"Oh God," Tara moaned.  "I love to feel my son's cum splashing
around inside me."



"Oh mother," James panted before he pulled his drizzling cock
out of her.  "Do you still want to let me put it up your ass?"

"Please!" Tara gasped as her son placed his wet, sticky cockhead
against her asshole.  Slowly James pushed his cock into his
mother's ass.  It was better than he ever imagined.  His
mother's ass was so tight and hot.  James worked hard to push
even an inch up inside her tight ass.

"Yes Jamie," Tara growled.  "Shove that cock up mommy's asshole!"

James struggled hard to push another couple inches into his
mother's hole when suddenly the door to the bedroom opened.

"Dad?" James asked shocked to see him home so early.

"Just what the hell do you think your doing?" Roger asked his
son.

"If you don't mind," Tara snapped at her husband.  "You're son's
fucking me up the ass!"

"I want you both out of my house in the next 3 hours," Roger
said slamming the door closed as he left.

"I guess we're on our own," Tara smiled at her son who still had
his cock halfway buried in her tight ass.  "Now finish stuffing
that monster up my butt."

"Yes mam!" James said excitedly.  It was a dream come true for
him.  He would have his mother every day now that they'd been
kicked out.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....