                   STARFLEET'S GREATEST THRILL

     
     From the moment the admiral beamed aboard, the captain knew
she had the hots for him. The proof of that sat straddled across
his steadily hardening manhood. And rapture was once again swiftly
driving coherent thought away. Disjointed thoughts took control.

     He had once overheard an aging captain declare that the
greatest thrill Starfleet had to offer was the joy of having a
commanding offering give you a blowjob. At the time the captain' s
drunken declaration had shocked him, a young ensign, but now he
felt that unequalled thrill and knew that not-so-aging captain...
had... been... right!

     She was an uninhibited beauty, he'd say that much for her, and
more given a chance, but no such chance had been granted him. So he
watched her, and felt her, and experienced her, as she rode him
with the grace of an equestrian champion yet there was no denying
the bucking rodeo champ that held the reins. Her hair wiped at her
face with her movements, and her movements were exotic and true,
while her face... her face was the picture of utter abandonment.
She was lost in a sexual ecstasy, caring only that the frenzy did
not stop, and the captain had no intention of yelling, 'Whoa!'.

     His joy exploded and she clamped herself tightly around him,
her inner muscles pumping, as she fell forward, toward him, her
hands landing on each side of his head, the fire in her eyes
burning into his own, her panting mouth coming closer and closer,
her tongue moistening her lips, and then his, and then into his
mouth, diving deeply, searching, and his chaotic thoughts went
careening back to the beginning of their tantalizing romp.

     She had just dismissed her aide, having concluded the priority
one mission briefing she had come to deliver, and had asked
politely for a private moment of his time. The ready room's doors
had only just closed with the departure of his number one when she
dropped her first bombshell.

     "I want you, Captain, here and now if you please."

     He grinned. "Is that an order, Admiral?"

     "If it must be, but I'd much rather have you command me."

     He could only stare at her in disbelief. Was she serious?

     "Come, come, Captain," she purred as she came round to his
side of the desk. "You can't tell me you're not as much attracted
to me as I am to you." Her hands were unfastening her uniform
jacket as she approached. "I'm the youngest and most fittest
admiral in the fleet," her midnight eyes were locked on his, "and
you, why you're the most desirable captain that ever commanded a
starship." She perched herself on the corner of his desk, legs
draped seductively over each side of the corner, took her jacket
off - a purely 'let's get down to business' gesture - which she all
but defied when flinging it carelessly across the room. She WAS
serious!

     "And I have urges, Captain, and urges," her hands crossed in
front of her as she reached for the hem of her shirt, "just as I
know you do." She pulled her shirt off over her head in one quick
movement to reveal the most luscious pair of boobs he'd ever seen,
and he'd seen many! But hers were unique, not just in their pert
firmness but in that each wore a little tattoo of an admiral's
rank. His hands suddenly itched with desire.

     She smiled, as if sensing his cravings. "Go for it, Captain,"
she taunted and leaned toward him, shaking her shoulders. Her boobs
swayed enticingly. "Make a command decision," she breathed, "but
make the right one."

     His hands moved with a will of their own and softness fell
into his touch. He cupped each luscious mound. Her nipples, twin
peaks of hardness, were between his lips before he realized just
what he was doing, but then he did realize! He was sucking on the
admiral's tits!!

     His eyes flew to her face to find hers closed and a smile of
passion on her lips. All reasoning departed. He pushed her back on
his desk, his hands running over the hour-glass perfection of her
form, while his mouth continued to boldly explore the treasures it
had found. She lay sprayed on his desk top, arms flung wide in
oblivion, content to let him do as he pleased with her... as HE
pleased... and it would please him to have her... her and now!

     His hands moved to her trouser tops. She obligingly rose her
hips. He started to pull them down. She tried to help wiggle free,
but her pants caught on her boot tops and suddenly he was seated
back in his chair. She'd shoved him there in frustration and now
sat, with legs spread wide, and was concentrating on pulling first
one boot off and then the other, flinging each over her head with
removal. He concentrated only on the split of her cunt. It seemed
to pant at him, 'come and get me!' And then she was standing ,
triumphantly naked before him, her legs still defiantly wide, but
now her forbidden fruit was hidden from view. Still, his eyes
scanned her body with all the efficiency of a tricorder, but no
tricorder ever experienced the satisfaction he felt at the scan.
She WAS the youngest and most fittest admiral he had ever seen. She
was, in fact, perfection, and his to command, and he WAS going to
have her. Right here and now!

     He rose to his feet, no more than a foot between them, and
yanked his belt from his jacket. The quicker he undressed the
better! When suddenly, without warning, she leaned over his desk,
her smooth round butt lifted his way.

     "I've been a bad admiral," she pouted, "and must be punished."

     He couldn't believe his eyes, or his ears, but felt a smirk of
a grin invade his features. He looked from her inviting butt to the
belt in his hand and thought, if you want it baby... SMACK!
Instantly the red outline of his belt appeared across her rump.

     "Again," she ordered.

     SMACK! A twin outline materialized.

     "Again!"

     SLAP!

     "Again!"

     "SLAP!"

     "Yes!"

     SLAP!

     "Harder!"

     WHACK!

     "Faster!"

     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

     "Don't stop!"

     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! How much more of this could she stand?!

     "Again, God damn it!"

     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! How much more of his could he inflict?!

     "If you stop now I'll see you court-martialled, Captain!"

     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! He was beginning to like
this!

     "Don't stop, Captain, and that IS an order!"

     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! 

     "NOW!" she screamed. "Shove that throbbing cock of yours where
it belongs!

     The belt fell from his hand as if it were on fire. He pushed
his pants and underwear down to the top of his boots, all the while
watching as she repeatedly pumped her butt in invitation.

     "I'm getting impatient, Captain!"

     "I'm coming, I'm coming!"

     "Not until you're inside me you're not!" And her cunt, her
dripping succulent cunt was in his face. And he couldn't resist. He
grabbed her butt and pulled her to him, his tongue diving deeply
into the heat of her. "Chew on it, captain. Suck it and bite it and
make me squirm!"

     And he chewed, and sucked, and bit her until he was sure he'd
draw blood, and all the time she squirmed against him, rubbing her
cunt closer to his probing tongue, and she moaned, and she groaned,
and then she was screaming, "Fuck me, Captain, fuck me hard and
fast and savage!'

     And his cock, which WAS throbbing, responded like a magnet...
to boldly go... it was up and in the heat of her slit and she was
buckin' like a wildcat.

     "Harder!" she panted.

     And the captain complied. He rammed her, in and out, and in
and out, and she started to slide across the slickness of his desk
top and he grabbed her butt, now as much ramming her into him as
him into her.

     "Oh yes, my magnificent stallion," she spurred him on. "Yes!
Yes! Yes!"

     In, out, in, out, harder, deeper, faster; repetition the norm
and the norm a fantastic fuck. And then she was shuddering, and her
cunt was pulsating and he was starting to come. Each squirt brought
a vision of stars, so intense was his release. And still he pumped
her. She lay sprawled over the desk, face squished against its
gleaming top, butt high in the air, cunt gripping his cock, and
screamed in delight.

     Could her cries be heard outside the ready room walls? Would
someone come banging on the entrance to see if everything was all
right? It surprised him not one iota to realize he didn't care. He
didn't care if the whole of his damn crew rushed in through those
doors to find him screwing the admiral! Fact of the matter was, at
this moment, he'd loved to experience the added thrill of
discovery! Just to be able to see his first officer's face...!
     
     He started to laugh, couldn't help it, and once again found
himself flung backwards into his chair. How she had done it he
couldn't tell. She still lay crouched on the table, butt still
offered in invitation, but now she staring at him over her
shoulder, her expression not one of disapproval but of WANT!

     "I await your next command, mon capitaine," she teased.

     "Dance for me," he ordered, now fulling enjoying the thrill.

     She smiled, licked her lips with more provocation than he'd
imagined possible and began to once again sway her enticing butt
and cunt in front of his face. She straightened one long and limber
leg outward, toes arching, never once letting him lose sight of 
her passion pit, and brought it slowly backward, over her back! Did
he say 'limber'?! She was a contortionist! He watched, spellbound,
as she planted her foot next to her head and started to move the
other. The effect was excruciating to watch but provocative in the
extreme. Already he felt himself respond. He watched as she
performed a pretzel of a turn suddenly aware that he sat at his
desk in his ready room with his trousers and underwear down around
his boot tops and his cock was standing, with military precision,
at attention.

     "Sir," she said as she swayed temptingly in front and above
him, "if the captain would remove his clothing we could dance
together the taunting moves of the Orion masters."

     And the captain complied. When he stood as naked as she, she
sprang from the desk with feline agility to land before him. And
she WAS purring as she ran her hands up his chest, to his
shoulders, and down his back, to his butt, fingers gripping with an
intensity he could barely stand, and then she was on her knees, her
hot breath flowing over his erect manhood.

     "Request permission to blow the captain, sir?" she sighed
hotly.

     "Permission granted, Admiral," he somehow managed to reply and
his thoughts went elsewhere, left him empty and unable to
concentrate on anything but the hot, wet, thrilling touch of her
mouth as she suckled the head of his penis.

     HOT did not describe the fiery heat of her tongue. WET did not
explain the exquisite moistness of her mouth as she suckled him
deeper, her tongue circling, stroking, fondling, caressing.
THRILLING was not a strong enough justification of the excitement
that built in his loins, his stomach, his body, his soul as her
mouth moved lower and lower, pulling him deeper and deeper, then
rising, only to repeat the motion again, and again, and again.

     He felt his passion threaten to betray him and found he was
unable, no, unwilling to prevent the inevitable. He rode the waves
of pleasure she brought to life, longing to prolong the moment, but
the hotness of her sucking mouth drew him closer and closer. And
her hands tightened and loosened at the base of his manhood in
rhythm with the sultry movement of her mouth. And her tongue
circled, and lapped, and stroked; a ceaseless, endless motion that
took his breath away, took his mind away, took him away, to a world
of infinite ecstasy. His hips arched as his hot seed erupted, and
through the haze that surrounded his senses he felt her drink
deeply the explosion of his climax.

     With his release his mind fought for control, but it did not
succeed. Never had he experienced such wilful abandonment, and he
knew it came as much from the passion that was this glorious
uninhibited admiral as it came from that long ago and far away
aging captain's crude but all-too-true remark. 'The greatest thrill
Starfleet has to offer WAS the joy of having a commanding officer
give you a blowjob'!

     He was grinning as the memory faded and he returned to the
here and now. And 'here' was the top of his desk.  He'd never be
able to sit at it again without thinking of her. And now, now she
was pulling her mouth from his to suggestively whisper in his ear,

     "If the captain will escort me to his quarters, we can explore
this pleasurable business more fully."

     Would she EVER be satisfied?! The captain hoped not. She was
the one admiral he had ever met that he WANTED to share an extended
visit with.

     "I am yours to command, Admiral," he whispered in return.

     She slid off his body, and then off the table, and then bent
over to pick up her trousers from the floor, all the while ensuring
the flash of her passion pit was pointed his way. And then she
stared at him from between her legs and said, "That has always been
a foregone conclusion, Captain, but let's test the theory to its
limits, shall we?"

     And once again the captain complied.
