   The balcony of my new furnished apartment overlooked the beach. What a
gorgeous view! I thought as I peered through the telescope at the
bikini-clad ladies walking sexily along the sand.  I returned to my bedroom
and continued the laborious task of unpacking my luggage.  I came across
the shoebox with the PLED in it nestled among the shirts, and tossed it on
the bed. The vision of sexy bikini-clad girls would not leave my mind as I
hung my shirts in the closet, and pretty soon I was at the telescope
again.

   Look at those luscious bodies!  There were three girls walking
together, obviously enjoying the stares from the various horny males
around.  Then the thought struck my mind:  why not test the PLED now?  I
went to my bed, retrieved the device from the box, and returned to the
balcony.  The girls were still out there, now talking with a group of guys
who were resting after a vigorous series of volleyball games.  I raised the
device, aimed it at the group of girls, and depressed the button halfway,
as the manual instructed.

   The small screen lit up, and displayed the scene that the PLED was
currently "seeing".  I moved the device until the group of girls (and the
guys whom they were talking to) appeared on the screen, then turned the
zoom adjustment knob until only the three girls were displayed.  Despite
its small size, the screen showed their sexy bodies in excellent color,
detail, and clarity!

   Superimposed over the image of the girls were some computer- generated
graphics:  a set of crosshairs in the center of the screen, and a small
circle located somewhere over each person in the image.  Two of the girls
had red circles on them, indicating that they were in some way "attached"
-- happily married, engaged, in love, whatever.  The third girl had a green
circle. Bingo!  My cock stiffened as I looked at her image on the small
screen, then peered into my telescope to get a better look. Ooooh was she
SEXY!  This was going to be fun.  I aimed the PLED again, depressed the
button halfway, and adjusted my aim until the crosshairs were on target. 
It didn't matter where the crosshairs were located exactly, just anywhere
on the subject's body.  Mmmm what a delicious-looking body...  Then I
pressed the button all the way.

   On the screen I could see her look up for a moment, seemingly
bewildered as if some thought had entered her mind out of nowhere, then she
shook her head and returned her attention to the people around her.  I
grinned and then began to move the PLED about, keeping the button halfway
depressed so that the screen would remain on.  I brought the four
volleyball players into view.  All of them had red circles above them --
shit! I scanned the beach for more guys.  There's one...  I whipped the
PLED around and aimed it at a guy who was walking past the three girls,
looking at them with poorly disguised lust.  Green circle.  I lined up the
crosshairs and pressed the button.

   The guy stopped dead in his tracks for a moment, and his face took on
that same bewildered expression for a brief moment. Then it went away,
replaced by a look of sheer joy.  The girl I'd "zapped", meanwhile, had
turned to face him, and then they were running toward each other, shrieking
with delight as though they had been passionate lovers who had somehow been
separated a long time ago and had missed each other badly!  They slammed
into each other in a tight embrace, and he whirled her around and around as
they kissed hungrily and passionately. The other two girls looked on in
shock, and one of them put her hands to her mouth and began to giggle.  My
cock stiffened even more as I watched them kissing, her wonderful body
pressed against his, those yummy boobs against his chest and their legs
seemingly intertwined.

   Agent Charles Davis of the U.S. Department of Sex had made his first
match.

   I went into the kitchen, made myself a peanut butter sandwich and a
glass of milk, and returned to the balcony.  They were still kissing! The
girl's female companions were standing around looking exasperated, and one
of them tugged at her shoulder, trying to get her attention. Finally their
mouths parted, and the newly met couple turned toward the other two girls,
who were shaking their heads, waving their hands, and saying things to them
I couldn't hear from my balcony.  Finally the whole group left the beach,
the two red-circle girls leading the way and the couple trailing behind,
his arm around her shoulders, their bodies pressed together.  One thing's
for sure, I thought.  I certainly made THEIR day!

   I went to bed that night thinking about those sexy bodies and the
sight of that passionate embrace and kiss, and my horny mind imagined what
they'd be doing together in bed at that moment! I fantasized and
masturbated for hours, then went to sleep.

   The next morning I woke up feeling happy, invigorated, and HORNY!  I
couldn't wait to "zapmate" my next couple.  But where to go?  Then the
place came to mind -- a little-known place out in the desert called Deep
Creek, where people went to enjoy the hot spring water, bountiful sunshine,
beautiful desert scenery, and each other's company.  Clothing was
optional.

   I crawled up the 55 to the 91, crawled a little way more, then finally
got past the stalled car which was slowing traffic and zoomed all the way
to Hesperia, then drove through town and onto that difficult-to-find dirt
road which leads to the canyon where Deep Creek is located. All the way
there my mind pictured the creek, with its small strip of sandy beach
covered with naked men and women stretched out on towels or folding
lounges.  Yummy naked female bodies mmmmm my cock was stiffening again!  I
got there, paid the $2 usage fee, and hiked the two mile trail to the
bottom of the canyon.  I was not disappointed.  There were at least a
couple dozen people there that day, basking in the sun and splashing about
in the water.

   I stripped off my clothes and dove into the cool waters of the main
stream.  I looked back at the people on the shore and my cock really
stiffened when I saw a pretty lady stand up, remove her bikini, and walk
into the water.  She reacted to the chilly water by crossing her arms
tightly, lifting up her breasts.  She tried splashing herself to get used
to the water temperature, and her skin broke out in goosebumps and her
nipples hardened. Ooooh I wished so badly that I could snuggle up against
her and warm her!

   I swam back to shore, passing right by her.  As I did I said, "you
should try the hot springs up on the rocks on the other side!  They're
really warm, like a spa!"  She smiled prettily, nodded, and said, "thank
you, I will!"  Her soft, sweet voice made me feel suddenly very warm and
tingly all over.  Then she dove into the water and began to swim across.

   I got out of the water, headed to my little staked-out spot, and sat
down.  My eyes scanned the crowd surrounding me:  mostly big musclular
hunks lying in the sun, their hard chistled bodies darkening to a deep
bronze.  There were quite a few girls around too -- spread out on towels,
their scrumptuous bodies soaking up the sun and having a magnetic effect on
male eyes, especially mine!  I'd hardly ever been to nude beaches, so I was
still not quite used to being around so many naked people.  I reached down
into my duffel bag, brought out the PLED, set the knob for the most
wide-angle view, and pressed the button halfway.  The small screen
displayed the scene before me, with lots of red circles and a few green
ones.  I centered one green-circled lady on the screen and turned the knob
to zoom in on her.  She was reclining in a folding chair and reading a
paperback.  I could even see the title on the book:  Stephen King's
"Tommyknockers". I pressed the button all the way.  She put the book down
in her lap, looked around with a quizzical expression, shrugged (which made
her boobs jiggle tantalizingly), and resumed her reading. I turned the knob
to wide-angle again and brought the PLED around to point at a group of guys
lounging around a big boulder.  Lots of green circles there!  I zoomed in
one one muscular dude, centered the crosshairs on him, and depressed the
button. I looked up, waiting for that look of bewilderment and then a
joyous glance at the lady I'd zapped, but it didn't happen. Puzzled, I
looked back down at the screen and saw the word "INCOMPATIBLE" flashing in
yellow letters. It can determine THAT?  Wow!  I chuckled softly to myself
and scanned around for another good-looking green-circled guy.  There's
one!  I centered the crosshairs on him and depressed the button.  Zapmate!

   The tanned hunk looked up, his eyes darting around as he scanned the
crowd for... what??  Then his eyes locked with hers, and a smile spread
across his face.  He got up and walked toward her, and she put her book
down again and got up.  Ooooh they're both naked are they going to embrace
right here??  He came up to her, and took her hands in his.  They just
smiled and looked into each other's eyes.  Then he turned his head to
indicate the trail leading along the stream, and looked back at her. She
nodded with a big grin, picked up a large towel, and together they set off
down the trail.

   Are they going to "do it" here?  I was so horny -- I just had to see
this!  I waited a moment until they were down the trail a bit, and then I
got up and followed behind them.  The trail followed the stream for a while
and then began to switchback up a hill.  As they climbed the trail they
were teasing each other, fondling and feeling each other, and as they
passed a clump of bushes underneath the shade of a big tree he pulled her
off the trail.  With yelps of delight they dove behind the bushes.

   I quietly passed those bushes and continued up the trail, and then
left it and clambered across a steep incline to another clump of bushes
about twenty feet above the newly zapmated couple.  I sat down and shifted
myself into as comfortable a position as I could, and watched the hot and
sexy action below me as my cock stiffened and stood straight up.

   The girl's towel was spread out on a slightly inclined clearing behind
the clump of bushes, and she and her newfound love were make hot passionate
love on top of it!  He was on top of her, his muscular chest pressed
against her boobs, and their legs were wrapping around each other wildly. 
They were kissing so deeply and passionately, and my breath was quickening
just watching it!  His face dove downward and buried itself in her breasts,
shaking back and forth, licking, sucking, enjoying... her arms flew around
his back, then they rolled over and she was on top, swinging her boobs from
side to side across his face. He grabbed her sides and pressed his face in
that wonderful flesh again, then sat up quickly as she swung her legs
forward, and they embraced tightly as his lips and tongue hungrily devoured
her chest and shoulders and neck and cheeks and lips, and her fingers dug
into his powerful muscular back...  ooooh I was becoming sooo HORNY!!!!!  I
had to resist the temptation to jump up from behind the bush, climb down to
where they were, and join the action somehow.  They were rolling all over
now, kissing and rubbing and licking, and then he was sitting up and she
was lying across his legs, and he had one hand on her hot pussy, rubbing
and fondling and tickling, and the other hand feeling all over her breasts,
and she had an eager hand around his hard cock, and their lips were pressed
tightly together as they kissed with an incredible sexual vigor that only
true love could create.

   Her hips began to buck as his fingers spread her pussy lips and
squeezed into her channel.  They wiggled and bent and twisted as they slid
in and out, and her whole body writhed and undulated as those fingers drove
her to heights of ecstasy she had perhaps never experienced before!  Then
he pulled out his fingers, bent over between her legs, tickled and licked
her pussy lips with his tongue, and then plunged it inside her.  Now MY
body was moving as I watched his mouth press against her pussy, his tongue
no doubt snaking in and out and all around, and her body bucking and
writhing wildly as she moaned and shrieked, and her hands alternately
grabbing the back of his head and squeezing and kneading her boobs. Then he
sat up again, spread her legs wider, and with one hand guided his big cock
into her.  She SHRIEKED as he PUSHED it into her (her pussy must have been
tight!), and then it was sliding in and out, faster and faster, pushing her
whole body up and down.  His hands went to her boobs and played with them
as he rammed his MX Missile into her still harder.

   My second matching certainly looked to be successful, and I was eager
to do more!  I tore my gaze away from the hot sex before me, got up, and
returned to the trail.  I heard moans, grunts, and shrieks coming from
behind those bushes, and they were becoming louder and louder, nearing a
crescendo, as I headed down the trail and returned to the shore of the
stream.  My cock was still rock-hard and throbbing, so I lingered behind a
boulder for a moment to let it relax before emerging into the crowd of
sunbathers.  Ooooh man there's that lady whom I talked to in the water! She
was lying naked on a towel and rubbing Coppertone on her stomach and chest
OH WOW and my cock immediately stiffened again!

   I fell in love right then and there.  I wanted to be married to her,
love her all my life, be the father of her children. I went to my duffle
bag, pulled out the PLED, pointed it at her, and pushed the button halfway.
 Green circle.  My whole body tingled with excitement.  I pressed the
button all the way and watched her stop oiling herself and look around with
that familiar brief puzzled expression.  Then I turned the device around
and pointed it at myself. 
