Archive-name: Family/audio3rd.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Audio Third


I awoke in a few hours alone. It was Friday. After the last 8 
hours of some of the strangest combinations of sex I've ever had, 
being alone wasn't too bad a feeling. This was especially true 
since I had a "planned" date tonight.

After showering I called Patty's place to see what was going on. 
All I got was an answering machine. In those days these machines 
were really not accepted yet and I hung up without leaving a 
message. then I looked outside to see it was well into the 
afternoon, so I figured I might as well go out to the pool to 
catch some rays. Patty nor her mother were around so I joined 
some friends to kill the afternoon. After a few hours I went back 
to my place to get another nap before my date with Helen. With a 
conservative name like that I felt sure it would be a simple date 
with no strings of any-kinky-kind attached.

I couldn't of be more right. After I picked Helen up at her 
house we had dinner, then went to a local hot spot for some 
drinks and dancing. When we first walked in the place I noticed 
Patty and Jackie in a corner booth. I excused myself to say 
hello.

Patty and Jackie were very surprised to see me and acted very shy  
almost cold when I said hello.  

"We figured you wouldn't want to see us after last night." Jackie 
said looking more at the table than me.

"Not at all." I said softly." I think last night was the most 
uhh..interesting experience..uhhh..I've ever had.. Please don't 
be embarrassed. But I'll leave you two alone."

"Can I talk to you later?" Patty asked

"Sure. See ya"

When I returned to our table, Helen seemed somewhat miffed by my 
short absence. I apologized, but the rest of the evening was 
never quite the same.

By midnight I was back home alone. I dropped Helen at her place 
and we made polite gestures of seeing each other again, but it 
was quite obvious that would never be. After I hit the head the 
phone rang. It was Patty. She wanted to talk about last night. I 
said it was late but would be right over.

"Hi. I'm glad you could make it." Patty said after opening the 
door. She was wearing a simple bathrobe and slippers, not the 
most seductive clothing. I felt she just wanted to explain about 
her affairs with both myself and her mother. She handed me a cold 
beer and led me over to the sofa.

"Cheers... I wanted to stay with you this morning but mother 
insisted we come back to my place. I hope you weren't mad or 
think mom and I are strange or something." She said poutingly.

"No. not at all. Like I said at the club earlier, I thought it was 
great last night. In fact just thinking about everything still 
get me very ... well you know..."

"No please tell me."

"Well" making no effort to hide my adjusting of my hardening cock 
in my pants ...."when you peed and got all wet I knew we could 
have alotta....well you know...super fun.  Then in the shower 
watching you and your mom...well that was outa this world."

"You mean watching us wet finger fuck" Patty said as she slipped 
a hand into here bathrobe to cup a tittie.

"Yea I ...."

"That's OK I understand...you loved it didn't you?"

"Yea I did" as I grabbed at my crotch to finish rearranging my 
cock in my Levis.

"Don't worry, mom and I loved it too because your very special to 
us and we were hoping to share everything with you."

"Ah shit, that's great...I was really nervous." 

Patty looked down to my crotch and stared at my cock as she 
continued to massage her tittie. She then slipped off the couch 
and sat in front of me beer in one hand and her other sliding up 
my leg to my crotch. 

AS I spread open my legs to allow her access to my growing bulge 
I figured I might as well be as open with her as she and her 
mother have been with me. "You know last night was the most 
exciting for me also especially the uh WET moments. Every time I 
could a piss yesterday, I started getting a boner.

Like right now? Patty said as she started to undo my pants. 

"Uh-Uh! Here let me help you." I reached down and unbuttoned my 
Levis, then reached down to open up her bathrobe. Patty meanwhile 
had my fly open and was reaching down into my shorts and pulled 
out my cock which was have hard just from the anticipation. 

"Oh god I wanted to come over to your place all day today and milk 
this big hard cock......hmmmmmm. "

"Why didn't you." thinking of the lost time with catching rays 
and with my date with Helen.

"Oh mom wanted to go shopping. I think just to get last night off 
her mind. She still embarrassed too." With those words Patty 
engulfed my cock into her wet and hot mouth. I was easy to take 
it all right down to my pubs. 

"Ohhoho gawd ...here .." I pulled here bathrobe off her shoulders 
slipping them down both arms and it fell to the floor. Patty 
still kept her mouth around my hardening dick using suction to 
keep it from slipping out of her mouth. Patty was wearing now 
just a very small pair of lacy black crotchless panties.

"Oh look at those sexy panties.. do they fell good?" I said as I 
looked at the way the panties slipped into the crack of her ass.

"Uh-Uh" she mumbled affectionately affirmatively not letting my 
cock out of her mouth.

She crawled up onto the couch grabbed my dick and aimed it at her 
sopping wet pussy. Just as the tip of my throbbing cock touch her 
clit Patty let out a short sigh and let a little pee escape 
wetting my pee-pee. She continued to rub my cock on her clit and 
her fire red bush and back to her wet pussy.

"Oh gawd yes make me wet too I said looking at my cock wet with 
pee-pee and joy juice wetting her bush.

Patty guided herself down onto my cock as her mouth came down to 
kiss me letting her tongue play with mine. After a few quick 
stroke her juices really started to flow I and I wasn't sure if 
it was pee or what. I felt her juices flow down around my balls 
down to my asshole. 

"Ohh gawd fuck me... fuck me.. Yessss..   harder.. Oh yes pinch my 
nipples... oh yess roll them around in... oh gawd you fuck me so 
goooood..."

My cock slipped in and out of her hot cunt so easily "Oh your so 
wet I...I can feel it dripping on my balls...down to my 
asshole... oh yea baby reach behind there..."

Patty reached down behind herself down to my asshole and wetting 
her finger on her own juices slipped a finger way into my ass. 

"Does that feel goood baby?....Oh I love the feel of your tight 
asshole squeeze around my finger.. Oh yess do it to me....Oh  
your balls.. I can feel them on my asshole" 

As we continued to slowly grind our bodies into each other I 
slipped a finger into her cunt along side my cock, then let my 
finger slip up to her mouth.

"Here baby taste your nasty juicy pussy... lick it ... that's it 
get it all nice and wet before I slip it into you little hot 
butt."

"MMMMM.. my pussy does taste so nasty... there now its.. its all 
wet... now ... yess slooowwly... oh goawd that it its in my ass.. 
its in my butt yess deeeeper... oh yess wiggle it around...Oh.. 
yess loosen it up... you wanna fuck my ass baby... wanna pull 
outa my cunt and put your big dick in my asshole and fuck 
me...you'd like that wouldn't ya..."

Her talk was so nasty and by now I thought my cock had gotten so 
big it was poking at her tonsils. 

"Oh yea baby your ass is nice n tight... here I don't think my 
cock it hard enough ... better suck it a little..."

"Oh, that's too bad, it feels real hard to me... but if my little 
baby cock needs sucking...."

Patty slipped off me and went back down on the floor and grabbed 
my dick and slipped into her hot mouth with a vengeance.

"Mmmmmm ...cock tastes like pee pee and pussy....gotta get it ready 
for my tight ass....mmmmmm...."

Patty sucked and licked my cock with such expertise it was 
difficult not cumming. Patty would lick just the head, then whirl 
her tongue around the head then down one side to my aching balls 
then up the other to my purple head to lick off some pre cum.

"OOh, my baby wanna cum in my mouth? ... there I think its hard 
enough"

Patty then rose to her feet and went into the kitchen and brought 
back a large empty salad bowl.

"Just in case I spring another leak" she said as she dropped the 
bowl on the floor between my legs, gave my cock a quick lick then 
stood up, turned around, bent over spreading her ass cheeks to 
me. 

"Please get me ready?"

"What would you like? tell my tongue what to do." I said as I 
flicked my tongue on her asshole.

"my asshole..yesss ..all around ... around my cunty.."

"Like this..." 

I dove right in burying my face into her ass. My tongue traced 
from her protruding clit over her gaping pussy to her open little 
brownie spot. Circling her butthole Patty really started to 
breath heavily reaching behind herself to pull her cheeks wider 
and open up her ass to my penetrating tongue. 

"Oh gaawwd.... that's it.... tongue fuck my butthole.... here.. 
I'll hold my ass open .... now finger fuck my cunt ....that's it 
another ... put another finger in ... oh ohh  gawdd... yea... 
that's it.... now a third ..."

"Baby want three fingers in her hot cunt... ok here we come... oh 
it's tight..."

Slipping the third digit into her very wet pussy I continued to 
ream her ass getting it ready for some honest butt plugging. I 
rotated my tongue around her ass as I turned my hand around in 
her pussy as I hammered home. 

"Want another finger in.?"

"No no that's greaaatt... just keep fucking me I..I ...I think 
you'd better fuck me now ..."

With that she back up to me and squatted down holding my cock as 
she lowered herself slipping my cock into her tight back door.

"ohhhhhh..... yeasssssss....slip that dick into my shit and fuck 
me."

Patty started to ride my dick as I supported her. She rode it up 
and down almost letting all of the wet shitty shaft slide out 
then down to the root. Soon she settled down to grind my cock all 
the way in her ass. I reached up to play with her titties.

"Ohh god  play with my titties ....your gonna make me have 
another accident... don't stop please don't stop here  .... here I 
go... ahahahahahahahaha"

Sure enough the salad bowl did come in handy as pee spurted from 
her pussy landing in the bowl. She continued to pee as 
she lifted herself up then back down again and again for what 
seemed like forever.

"I think I'm gonna come" I said loosing all control. Just then 
Patty jumped off my cock, turned around and engulfed my shit 
covered cock. I exploded like never before. I'm sure I woke some 
neighbors but I know they would never guess the method to this 
madness. 

"Here ... that's it in my mouth ..mmmm it taste so nasty  wanna 
share? as she brought up her mouth up to mine to mix our spit, 
cum and shit all together.

--
