                         First Movement

Ellie and Missy had finally taken the tape off Angela, giving her
some respite from the extreme bondage she had been in earlier.
After a time, Angela's arms were locked behind her again, with a
pair of handcuffs on her wrists, another on her elbows, and her
hands wrapped in tape ("To prevent any mischief" Missy smiled as
she wrapped them).  She still wore the high-heeled platforms and
her ankles were still locked in the handcuffs.

Missy rested her chin on her hand and smirked at Ellie, "What
punishment does she need next?"  Ellie responded "Well, I think
that first we should train her better in wearing extremely high
heels while in bondage; she hobbles around like she's never had her
ankles shackled before, and that we should demonstrate to her the
feelings that a slave can have when forced into total submission."
"Ellie, you've given this a lot of thought!" Missy laughed, "well,
I'm convinced.  Let's get started right away."

With that, they leashed Angela to a ring in the wall by her
nipples, and left to change.  Angela stood against the wall, as the
clamps on her nipples hurt enough without the string pulling on
them.  She tried to reach around to remove the clamps, but the tape
on her fingers prevented her from grabbing anything.  She was
horny, and couldn't even grab her own panties!  Her feet were
hurting from the high-heels and handcuffs also, but she found that
she was enjoying the sensation of helplessness.  A part of her that
she didn't know existed was enjoying the pain.

Ellie and Missy returned in a few minutes.  Missy was wearing
another skin-tight dress, this one in pvc.  It laced all the way
down the back, and Angela could see her ass as she bent over to
grab a coil of red wire off a shelf.  She wore pumps with 7" heels,
with delicate straps locking them on her ankles.  Ellie wore an
outfit like a hooker, with a very tight miniskirt stretched over
her round hips, and a leather bra zipped up the front squeezing her
ample breasts.  She wore a pair of high-heels exactly like
Angela's. She was carrying a pair of platform sandals with seven or
eight inch heels, they were exactly like the ones on Angela!  Ellie
walked over to Angela and sat on a stool next to her.  She rested
her stocking-clad foot on Angela's hip and straightened her
stockings.  She then slowly slid her foot around to Angela's
crotch, where she rubbed her foot slowly on Angela's pussy.  Angela
moaned and ground her hips against Ellie's foot, humping it.  This
caused her to move away from the wall and pull the strings on her
nipples taut.  Angela whimpered and leaned against the wall again.
Ellie then put the heels on herself, and then secured them with a
few tight wraps of red tape, exactly like she had done Angela's.

Missy approached with the coil of wire, Ellie took the clamps off
Angela's nipples and turned her around so her back was to the wall.
"Do you know what this is?" Missy asked, holding up the wire.
"That's red wire, mistress." Angela replied.  "Do you know what I
use it for?"  Missy asked again.  "No, mistress."  "I use it to tie
girls' breasts.  It is much better than rope or twine, because it
has no stretch.  Ellie, show her some pictures of other girls who
have worn this wire."  Ellie walked over to a cabinet, obviously
swaying her hips like a hooker, and got out a picture portfolio.
Missy held it up and showed Angela photos of at least twenty
different girls, all in distress at their tight breast bondage.  To
a one, they were all looking down at breasts tightly wrapped in red
wire, squeezed such that they looked tight as melons.  Some of them
had their nipples clamped, others had large transparent suction
cups on them, and one had a pair of rings pierced through her
nipples which had been threaded with a string, which was pulled
tight between them.  As Angela looked over the pictures, Ellie put
one hand in the front of her panties and started sliding her
fingers inside her soaking wet pussy.  Her other hand went around
to Angela's ass and fingers began probing at her asshole.

Missy suddenly closed the book and said "Enough.  It's time for
your punishment to begin."  And with that, they wrapped the red
wire around Angela, first around her back and shoulders, to make a
sort of bra frame, then finally they wrapped her breasts tightly
with the rest of the wire.  Angela was whimpering as they wrapped
them.  With each new circle of wire, her breasts jutted out more
and grew harder, until finally the wire was all used up.

"There, that's nice." Missy smiled.  She gently massaged Angela's
nipples.  Angela was fascinated by the look of her breasts.  They
were thrusting out straight, and were very narrow.  She suddenly
felt extremely hot, and wanted her nipples sucked very badly.
"Missy, please suck my nipples, please!"  She begged.  Missy's face
darkened like a coming storm, "Ellie! Get me a tongue-clamp!"
Ellie hobbled over to another cabinet and returned with a clamp
made up of two six-inch pieces of wood that had two bolts threaded
through the ends, with butterfly nuts at both ends of the bolts.
"You are to speak only when spoken to, and you will always address
me as mistress!"  Missy shouted.  "Now stick out your tongue."

Angela closed her mouth and shook her head.  "Oh, it's to be a
battle, eh?  Well, I love battles like this."  And then they tied
strings to Angela's nipples again, and hung half-pound weights from
them.  Ellie walked around behind Angela with some sort of butt-
plug attached to a hand pump, and slid the dildo up Angela's ass.
She then handed the pump to Missy, "This is an inflatable butt-
plug.  I will start inflating it, and when you are ready to obey I
will stop."  She began to squeeze the pump.  At first it was just
like the butt-plug Angela used on herself all the time, but then
she could feel it expanding in her asshole, stretching it larger
and larger.  Then it began to hurt.  Angela began to cry.  While
Missy was doing this, Ellie used a thin whip on the front of
Angela's thighs,  as she watched between her bound breasts, the
whip left thin red welts across them.  Angela couldn't decide which
was worse- the butt-plug or the whip.  She did decide that a
tongue-clamp couldn't be as bad as both together.  "I will obey
mistress."  She said tearfully. Sniffling, she stuck out her tongue
and missy clamped the wood on it.  It was extremely painful!  To
keep her from sliding her tongue out, Missy had to turn the
butterfly nuts very tight, and the result was that Angela's tongue
was painfully pinioned between the pieces of wood.  She couldn't
pull her tongue back into her mouth, because the wood was too wide.

"There, that's not so bad, is it baby?" Missy cooed as she ran her
hands down Angela's body.  Ellie, take the plug out of her ass, and
remove the string from her nipples.  Ellie let the air out of the
butt-plug and Angela realized just how big it had been inflated.
Her ass felt stretched out.  Angela's nipples were very tender, and
she winced as Ellie slowly untied them.  "Aww, are your nipples
sore?" Ellie laughed. "Well, I've got just the cure for that."  She
made another trip to a cabinet in the room and returned with a pair
of clear suction cups with something inside them.  Ellie displayed
them to Angela and explained, "I invented these myself.  You see,
I place one of these suction cups over each of your breasts, and
then pump the suction nice and tight.  Then when the suction pulls
them enough, they'll rub against the vibrators I placed in the
middle.  Once that's happened, I just turn on the vibrators, and
instant orgasm, especially for girls with tender nipples."  Then
Ellie placed the suction cups on Angela's breasts.  The first one
was cupped over her breast, then pumped so that the suction held it
on, then pumped so tight that Angela's nipple was sucked right onto
the vibrator.  Then Ellie did the other breast.

When she was done, she stood back and admired her work.  Angela was
fascinated by what she saw, looking down at her breasts, they had
taken on a slightly blue color, and her nipples were sticking out
with the suction.  "Well Missy, would you like to do the honors?"
Ellie asked.  "Don't mind if I do."  Missy reached forward and
switched on the vibrators.  Angela went crazy.  The suction made
her nipples all the more sensitive, and the vibrators rubbing them
was too much to bear.  She tried to beg Missy to fuck her, but the
tongue clamp made it unintelligible.  Missy and Ellie could pretty
much figure out the intent from Angela's desparate expression.
They took pity on her and slipped her panties off, sliding a
vibrator up inside her and fucking her with it until she had had
several mind-numbing orgasms.

