
"The Nascent of Mary Ann's Erotic Spirit"
						by Mary Ann and David Lee
     
     "I had an erotic experience that was so all encompassing, beyond my 
physical reality, I could almost taste the essence of true spirit, and I 
could feel the raw power of existence."
     It came about just by a look... Something beyond vision, into the 
mystical realm of the supernatural. Jim, a long-time but not intimate 
friend, and a new acquaintance named Chris and I were in the bedroom. 
Chris's appearance was handsome in a unique way. And something else. A 
gently imposing essence that stirred something in me immediately. We gazed 
at each other and we both instinctively knew we wanted to know each other 
sexually. There was no need for words, just a reaction to a primal need. 
     Until that moment I had always been reserved and shy during the 
initial stages of the mating dance, but now I lost what society would call 
'decency'. Not even knowing this person, other than the clean erotic mist 
surrounding him, I went over and kissed him tenderly, but the feeling of 
passion in that kiss was obvious to both of us.
     He pulled back from me with a look of surprise at my boldness, and 
then said, "I want you....". His hands began pealing my long flowing loose 
black dress from me. It slid easily off my body  (as if the dress could 
know that I couldn't even think of resisting what was happening to me). 
I surrendered to the feeling instantly, totally abandoning what had been 
a normal reality and surrendering myself to the desire of the moment. I 
hadn't even noticed my undergarments evaporated from by flushed body. 
     He just gazed at me for a moment with a look of being completely 
lost. His eyes expressed his presence being caught in a whirlpool... 
Sucked into the power, my power, life through woman. He began touching me 
everywhere, beginning on the side of my neck down my body with a powerful 
but a reverent savor that let me know he truly respected my femininity and 
saw genuine female beauty there.
      All of a sudden enough 'reality' overcame me and I looked back over 
my shoulder at Jim. He looked to be in a state of shock. He had seen me 
before in my bikini and shorts, and I knew he had wondered about what was 
then hidden. But now a vision was before him that seemed to leave him 
stunned for a moment. I must of been quite a sight.  My pleasantly  
rounded ass, the crevice leading to my slit, with hints of hair peeking 
out an invitation.  My slim waist and firm back leading to my blonde hair 
hanging on my shoulders must have painted a sensuous canvas for his eyes. 
Without realizing it, I turned to face him, closing my eyes to add to the 
dream state I drifted through.
     My thoughts, fringed with nervousness, fantasized about Jim moving 
over to me, cupping my breast and feeding on my nipples... All at once my 
thoughts became authentic and I felt the heat moving through my body into 
his sucking mouth and circling back to do it all again. Oh, the warmth of 
his caressing tongue savoring every minute nerve in my skin from my breasts 
to my shoulders, neck, arms, and fingers.
     Jim was sitting on the bed tasting the front of me while Chris stood 
behind me with his hardness pressed between my cheeks. Chris's hands 
followed Jim's around my body. An instant replay of erotic dancing fingers 
and hands exploring a new universe, my receptive electric body. I was 
truly the center of this universe and their desires. They continually 
whispered to me about how soft, sensual, and completely feminine my skin 
was, and how beautiful they thought I was. For the first time in my life, 
I genuinely believed I was a lovely, sexy woman. They continued their 
frenzied quest by nibbling all the soft pliant flesh they could find. They 
seemed like little boys in a candy shop with their pockets full of money, 
and afraid it was only a dream.
     I began licking them. My tongue seemed parched with a need to taste 
their skin.  Ohhh, the amorous sensation of the saline perspiration 
secreting from their stimulated male bodies. (I can almost taste it as I 
relate this..) As my thirst was being quenched with my tongue on one, 
who would shiver in response, the other would recover enough to return to 
his gentle bites and fervent kisses.
     I became aware of a void in my uterus, and the lubricant seeping from 
my opening... On my knees I slid my body forward on Jim's lap, reached 
down between our bodies, wrapped my fingers around his large hard penis, 
then guided the head into my cunt. The moisture flowing from me allowed 
him to slide deep inside. It took my breath away. He filled the void, but 
a new hunger emerged. I wanted to be beautifully fucked! I needed to climb 
to the zenith, I needed to fly, while sucking his seed with me.  But 
slowly, so I could savor each delicious plateau.
     I could feel the heat of Chris's breath on the lobes of my ears and 
I arched backward so his soft lips could taste mine. He remained behind 
me, touching those places that magically added to the pleasure already 
being experienced by all of us. He reached to touch the slope of my 
breasts, down the side of my ribcage, ending on my gyrating hips, 
becoming a part of the mating dance Jim and I moved to. They worked in 
unison, almost as if they had rehearsed all of this, to make sure I felt 
every throb and thrust of Jim's large cock slipping in and out of my 
clasping pussy.
     Again they synchronized their movements to lay me down on my back.  
My thighs fell apart on their own volition, and Jim's face moved to place 
his eager tongue on my clitoris. My mind discovered the similar texture 
between the head of his cock and the tip of his tongue. With each flutter 
of his tongue, lovely spasms racked up and down my spine. I enjoyed the 
oral assault on my pussy so much that I hadn't thought about Chris. After 
earlier initiating so much of our sexual journey, he now seemed to be 
enjoying a secondary role. He seemed happy just to add the needed input 
whenever it felt right.
     Again, the need for Jim's male organ captivated me, and we moved to 
the same position as before. Again I was riding him, pushing myself up and 
down with bending and relaxing my leg and thigh muscles. As I tired, I 
would rest and use the muscles inside of me to clasp his penis tightly, 
then release it repeatedly.
     "I can't believe what you are doing to me down there", Jim gasped in 
appreciation.
     I gazed downward and hallucinated that my body was a pulsating 
extension of his. One pleasure then melted into another, and the memories 
of occurrences dissolved back into a singular pleasure. Out of this fog I 
noticed Jim's eyes telling me he was lost to the demon/angel of life 
exploding from his loins... 
     "Ahhhhh.. Ughh... Ohhhh" sounds gurgled from his mouth in a language 
that could only be understood by ardent lovers.
     I couldn't (nor even wanted to) resist falling into the explosion. 
For the first time in my life (for many things) I felt the flaming ache 
of years of repressed erotic feelings being released, and I rolled and 
tumbled over the zenith, soaring through erotic atmospheres, crescendoing 
somehow in harmony with Jim's pulsing manhood inside of my cunt.
     (Mmmm... Oh, Yessss!  I feel the longing budding inside of me again. 
I have enough savvy to realize that a replay is impossible right now.) 
     Jim gasped for breath, struggling to control the trembling of his 
body. It looked as if he couldn't find his balance. The best way I can 
describe it now, is that his center was buried inside of me creating a 
core of it's own, leaving his ego floating freely about, out of sync. I 
could feel our juices mingling where our bodies joined, and the ribald 
feeling caused more aftershocks to oscillate through my body.  As the 
waves diminished I cradled my head into his shoulder and held him softly. 
Chris cuddled behind me, creating a web of warmth between three loving 
people.
     I then fell into a haze of relaxation, peace, fulfillment, and sleep. 
The next morning, as I awoke, my mind dreamingly drifted to memories of 
the night before. The only emotion I experienced, was that I was puzzled. 
I didn't feel even a minute touch of shame. All I could feel was a 
pleasurable satisfaction, and more alive than ever before in my life. I 
now possessed a personal power that was conceived from enjoying the taste 
of life, yet not being attached to it or the people involved. I realized 
that only the memory was mine to possess, nothing more, and I'm grateful 
for the memory. It's within me, part of the essence of my existence, to be 
treasured forever....      Mary Ann.
	
P.S.  As Mary Ann began relating her story to me, the purity, feeling, and 
ferment of her tale, literally forced to drop everything else I was 
involved with and begin writing. In her excitement to express her newfound 
joy to someone that fathomed the spiritual eroticism she experienced, she 
often jumped ahead of my typing skills. I often had to slow her down and 
have her repeat herself. Consequently, the story was disjointed in many 
places. Fortunately she spent the next 8 or 9 hours at my side reliving 
this wonderful episode, causing her to remember more details which could 
be included. I felt so honored not only to have been the recipient of such 
a fresh, unashamed, and fervent story, but I immensely enjoyed the 
closeness of her erotic aura throughout the long (but seemingly short) 
time span. The feeling continues to pleasantly haunt me as I re-write and 
polish the story. Thank you Mary Ann.
					  Sincerely, with love, David Lee

Copyright @ 1994 HomZin Box 50552 97405 Thank you for your donations.
