
   

                             Chapter 13

                  Boys Night Out, Girls Night In and Out

Susie got together Phyllis, Louise, Janet, Marjorie and myself for an evening
of the girls being together. Susie, Louise. Phyllis and myself knew it would
end up being a night of sucking and fucking girl style with the girls. We
weren't sure about Margie and Janet even thought Phyllis said she had gotten
close to Margie one time, but nothing happened as there was an interuption.

We all got together at our apartment at 7:30 for cocktails. The men had left 
for the ball game and would not be back till about 11:00 P.M. Susie started
things off by talking about her up coming marriage and Janet jumped in about
hers also. Louise started kidding them about how the men would use there 
bodies for their pleasure and maybe not get any pleasure in return. Susie
winked at me and started on Louise asking her how she knew so much. Louise 
then confessed she had an affair with Charley and all Charley did was use her
body for his pleasure. Susie asked if she would rather have a women use her 
body. She said she felt nothing wrong with making love to another women. Janet 
asked how girls could make love love to each other and Susie said she thought 
that she knew how. Louise slipped over by Janet and started stroking her arm
very lightly which Janet enjoyed. Margie told us about this girlfriend of hers
who was into girls and she described some sex scenes she said the girl had 
told her about. Susie said seriously that it sounded like Marjorie was a 
participant more than a listener with this girl. She blushed so hard we could 
all tell that it was Margie who had been having sex with this girlfriend. Lou
was still stroking Janet and rubbing her hair when she leaned over and kissed
Janet full on the lips. Janet like to have died. She tried to push Lou off and
then gave in. Susie stood up and said "PartyTime". Lets get with it girls. We
all know what to do or can teach Janet who may not, but can learn".

We decided that Janet should be initiated into the arts of women love. She 
said she was scared but Susie assured her nothing would be done to harm her.
In fact things would only be done to pleasure her. Susie said she would strip
first and then Janet. Once again Susie had a spactular lingerie outfit of
bright orange consisting of a half all lace slip, lacey french cut panties, 
orange garterbelt, white lace top stockings and black patent leather high
heel shoes. She had no bra on. She stripped to her panties, garterbelt, heels
and stockings. She started to undress Janet who started blushing. Susie said 
to blindfold Janet then she could not see what was happening and would not be
embarrassed. Janet was blindfolded and Susie proceeded to strip her. Janet's
white blouse and black skirt were taken off, next her full white lace slip
and she stood there in a black lace girdle with no crotch, a waist cincher
type with flaming red panties, beige stockings and brown high heels. Susie 
slipped Janet's panties off and touched her bush. Janet trembled as if an
electric shock had torn through her. Susie asked Janet if she had ever played
with her own pussy. Embarrassed Janet said yes. Susie told her that after 
tonight she would never be embarassed again in sexual matters. Phyllis 
suggested Janet lie down and Phyllis had a shaving mug and razor and proceeded 
to soap up Jan's pussy hairs. When they were soaked enough, she shaved Jan's
pussy. Jan said she was mortified and was glad she was blindfolded. She washed 
off Jan's pussy and then stuck her tongue in Jan's snatch who immediately 
started screaming. Phyllis asked Jan if she was hurting her, Jan said no, the 
pleasure was unbearable. Louise then sucked one of Jan's tits while I did the
other, Susie was trying to get her tongue up Jan's ass, by then Louise was 
trying to get Margie to lean back in a chair so she could get under her dress
and eat out Margie. What a picture. Jan with three women all over her body and
Louise up under Margie's skirt making slurping noises. Margie's all lace black
panties were on the floor. Phyllis attacked Jan's pussy, while Susie tongue
drilled her ass. I played with both her breasts while french kissing her. Jan
was quivering and shaking and started rubbing her clit furiously while moaning
and groaning. She started wimpering she needed to be fucked, needed a good
long, hard cock and wanted to cum. All of a sudden she let out a long moan, 
said "fuck my throbbing cunt" and came. I sucked, Phyllis and Susie drilled
her cunt and ass with their tongues and then Jan quieted down and came again
and then again. Jan collapsed on the floor. Meanwhile Louise and Margie were 
taking care of Margie. Margie's dress was open at the top, her midnight blue
laced brassiere was pulled down and she was sucking her one tit while playing
with the hard nipple of the other. Louise was between Margie's legs tongue 
lashing Margie's clit and cunt furiously while she had her hand up her own
dress and was furiously rubbing her pussy through her panties. Margie grabbed
Louise by her black hair and pulled her down strongly on her pussy and then 
screamed she was cuming. As she subsided from cuming Louise let out a low 
moan, slipped to the floor on her back, legs apart wildly rubbing the crotch
of her white laced panties. When she stopped her panties were soaking wet.  
 
I had known Margie and Louise from high school days. Margie was about 5'5",
brownish hair, pretty, a good figure but was starting to add a couple extra 
pounds. Louise was 5'7" tall. very slim, cute with a sort of pug nose and 
black hair. She was a women who would stay slim all her life, lucky her.
Louise was going with Chuck and Louise told us about six months after they
met Chuck use to try to grab her breasts. One time while out parking Chuck
slid his hand up Louise's dress, touched her crotch and Louise got passion
hot. She told Chuck not to go inside her panties, thirty seconds later Chuck
did and Louise dropped her load immediately. By the next day they were into 
oral sex. Chuck was going in the service but the night he came home on leave
Louise begged him to fuck her which he did. It was sort of like Cliff and 
myself but ours progressed all in one afternoon, not a period of months. 
Margie was pretty much the same where David finally got in her panties one
night while parking.

THat left three girls unsatisfied but four girls still dressed or half-
dressed. Louise took off her cum soaked white lace panties and waved them 
around in case anyone wanted to sniff them. My sister-in-law did. Susie
sniffed the panties. Louise took off her dress, her white bra and was naked
but for her socks and loafers. Margie removed her dress and her pulled down
bra, her midnight blue half-slip till all she had on was a black garterbelt,
beige stockings and midnight blue pumps. Phyllis was totally bright red under-
neath with a beautiful red lace full slip, a bright red garterbelt, flaming
red crotchless panties, black stockings, and black patent leather shoes. I
then disrobed. I had a kelly green half-slip, kelly green panties of french
lace, a green laced corset with six garter straps, green hose and green high
heeled shoes. Since all the girls had on sexy lingerie except Louise I lend 
her one of my bright yellow garterbelt, panty, stockings and high heel sets.
I know Cliff would have given a million dollars to see this lingerie show
plus find out what Janice wore under her skirt and petticoats.  
 
Phyllis, Susie and myself still had not cum so each of the girls that had, went
down on us. Louise went down on Phyllis, Margie went down on Susie and Janet
went down on me. Louise needed no instruction and bought Phyllis off very 
quickly by finger fucking her pussy till she came. When she started to come 
Louise gave Phyllis's clit a great blow job. Margie then did Susie about the
same way but started with feeling her tits, playing with her pussy and then 
tongue drilling her cunt when she was coming. I then instructed Janet as how
to handle me and learn herself.First we had a long hot wet passionate french
kiss, then she played with my breasts and got my nipples hard as rocks. She
then licked my body whereever it was not covered and then went to my feet. I
had her take my stockinged toes in her mouth and suck my toes. I also went 
through the roof with pleasure. She then tongued my legs and the back of my 
knees through the stockings and went for my pantied pussy. Since the panties 
were tissue thin, I had her licked my pussy through the panties. When they 
were soaking wet I took them off and told her to wear them. She put them on.
She next tongued my pussy while she was playing with her own. She licked the 
lips of my cunt, stuck her tongue inside, sucked on my clit and then I moved 
so her tongue could reach my asshole. She stuck her tongue in my asshole and
I was so fucking hot I climaxed immediately. Janice bought her tongue back to 
my clit and started sucking with great suction on my clit while fingering my 
cunt hole with the finger of her one hand and finger fucking her own cunt with 
the other. I was squirming, screaming, babbling like a baby and almost lost my 
body functions from the whole scene. Janice let out a long, sensous, hot moan 
and collopsed on the floor. We then got dressed and awaited the boys to come 
home from the game. The men arrived, had some coffee and left all except
Herb and naturally Cliff. Incidentally the men were men were where Herb
worked and not any of the girls boyfriends.

Susie asked Herb if he would like Susie to jerk him off in front of the 
girls. he was embarassed. He said he would  if Cliff would join in. I agreed
to jerk Cliff off. Susie told the other girls to lie around with their
dresses up to their waist and give the boys a thrill. Almost simultaniously
they layed back and pulled up their dresses or skirts. When Cliff seen up
Jan's legs, his bulge stood out in his pants. I unzipped his fly and pulled 
out his long, throbbing, hard cock. I only stroked it twice when he shot all
over my hand. This man had had the hots, but good, of course seeing Janice
like that had done it. Herb was a lot more in control and Susie started out
by sitting in a chair in the middle of the room with Herb standing in front of 
her. She unzipped his trousers and let them fall to the floor and then dropped 
his underpants and his cock stood at attention. She stroked it a couple times
then flicked the head of it with her tongue, still flicking, she then engulfed 
the head and slithered her tongue all over the head while at the same time 
playing with Herb's balls while Herb's eyes were all over the room watching 
the lingerie feast of the girls. She then buried her mouth on his cock down to 
the root of it while stroking his balls. When it was good and wet she took it 
out of her mouth and then started to stroke it very lightly, then heavier 
strokes, sliding her hand up and down Herb's cock. You could tell that Herb
was going to pop any second. All eyes were on Susie and Herb's cock except
Clifford who was trying to enjoy the lingerie show before him of all differnt 
color slips, panties, garterbelts and stockings. All of a sudden my brother 
left out a long low moan and shot his load all over Susie's face and then he
collopsed. Susie gathered up the sperm on her face with her fingers and 
swallowed it. Everybody then got dressed and left. I then gave Clifford a long,
slow blow to calm his nerves and teased him about Janice. He said at least he 
knew what was under the skirt now but it was many years before he got to 
sample her goods.






