

                              CHAPTER 1

                  What Happened After the Trolley Ride
                            or Ann's Story
                            
                           
You all remember the song called " The Trolley Car Song" about the turn of the
century where a certain young innocent lady went for a ride and lost her heart 
instead. This story takes place in the late nineteen thirty's up to now. Well
leave me tell you I lost more than my heart or maybe I did not lose anything
but gained a lot instead. I know because I am a lady that went on a trolley 
car ride and the same thing happen to me where I saw this tall, handsome young
young gentlemen and just like the song my heart started to reel when I looked
at him. What happened in the song happened to me and as I started to leave the
trolley he took hold of my hand and as if it were grand I stayed on till the 
end of the line with his hand holding mine although the funniest feeling                                      
passed over me and I felt a strange twinge between my legs when he took hold 
of my hand. It was as if I had touched my own cunny, which I had done a few 
times althought good girls aren't  suspose to do those things or even think or
know such words as cunny.


Clifford was a good looking fellow about 20 years old and was a part owner in
a habdashery store with his father. He lived with his parents and his younger
sister Susie who I found out was my age, about 18. As we talked on the trolley 
I found out that Clifford had never really had any girlfriends he was serious
about and I never had any boyfriends I was serious about. I tols Clifford I 
had just finshed High School and was working as a secreary in an architect
firm. I had a brother about 21 and a younger sister about 16 in eleventh grade 
in high school and never had any serious boyfriends although I had played 
games like spin the bottle or post office. As I said Clifford was good looking 
with brown hair, about 5'11" and weighted about 165 lbs. I was 5'5" tall, 
blonde hair with measurements of 30-24-30 and was always told by my older 
brother that I was very attractive. By the way my brothers name was Herbert, 
named after my father and my young sister was Abigail, who we called Abby.


Well, as I was saying we stayed on to the end of the line where it ended in a 
park area. There was an ice cream stand there and he asked if he could treat 
me to a dish of ice cream and I replied yes as I wanted to spend some time 
with Clifford and get to know him better. After finishing the ice cream I 
suggested a walk through the park as it was only midafternoon on this 
beautiful spring day. As we walked we saw a rabbit and tried to chase it thus
going off the path into the wooded parts of the woods. We soon came to a 
clearing and Clifford took off his jacket and laid it upon the ground so that 
I could sit on it without soiling my dress, never dreaming that more than his
jacket was going to laid on the ground that very day.     

I sat down on the jacket with my legs extended and Clifford sort sat in back 
of me so I could sort of lean on him. This was all happening fast and I was a 
little confused as a good girl doesn't end up in the woods with a boy. He sort 
of put his arms around me and the next thing I know his lips were touching 
mine and we were kissing . All of a sudden he sort of open my mouth and put
his tongue in my mouth and started rubbing his tongue on mine. I started to 
feel faint but did not want his kissing to stop. We kissed some more and he 
put his arms around me and put his hand on the outside of my blouse over my 
breasts. I started to move his hands when he kissed me again and started to 
press against my breasts and starting feeling them through my clothing. Once
again I had that funny feeling and it was feeling good. I told Clifford he 
mustn't do things like that and he sort of smiled and nodded. He asked if I 
wanted to get up and move on but I told him I could trust him and would stay 
there but only do kissing. I told him not to touch my breasts any more.

We kissed some more and my breath became heavy. I think Clifford noticed 
because I felt his hand on my leg and he was rubbing my knee. The next thing I 
know he was rubbing my thigh and then rubbing my cunny through my lace pink 
panties. I had completely lost all reasoning and surrendered  myself to 
Clifford but did not tell him. The next minute he had his finger under the 
crotch of my pink panties and I lost all control of my senses. I was breathing 
hard, wiggling every way to feel that sensation in my cunny. I was in extascy
and told Clifford so.

The next thing Clifford grabbed ahold of my hand and put it on a bulge 
sticking out of the front of his trousers. I knew this was his cock as I had 
seen a baby cock when changing them while babysitting. Clifford undone the 
buttons on the front of his trousers and this big huge gigantic cock popped 
out. I could hardly get my hand around it, but it felt so good to hold and 
there were drops of moisture coming out of the end of it.

Clifford meanwhile had lifted up my skirt and petticoats so that my white 
silk stockings,white garterbelt and pink panties were showing. No man had ever 
seen me like this but who cared right now. I had lost all inhibitions.
Clifford looked at me and said that not only was I beautiful on top but also 
underneath. He asked if he could slip off my pretty lace panties and after a 
moments hesitation I lifted my body up so he could slide them off. I was 
exposed to Clifford and the world. He touched my cunny which was very wet and 
then he slid his middle finger inside my cunny. I thought I would die of 
pleasure. At the same time he rubbed the top of my bush when all of a sudden
my breath quicken, I felt like passing out and a strange mysterious feeling 
came from my cunny and I almost passed out. Clifford told me this was what 
they called passion and that I had probably come, whatever that was, but I 
know that it felt so good I wanted to cum again and wanted to know if Clifford 
could also come.

I once again siezed Clifford's cock and started touching it and then stroking 
it. Clifford's eyes started to roll back in his head and all of a sudden his 
cock swelled up and this white cream started to come out the end of it in 
torrents. After Clifford calmed down I asked him if this is men call coming 
and he said it must be so. I got out my handkerchief from my purse to clean my 
hands off from his coming and had a few drops on my finger which I touched to 
my lips and knew this was some of the sweetest juice I had ever tasted. I knew 
then I wanted to taste more, much more.  
 
Clifford and I talked about how we had cum and the sensations we had felt 
running through our bodies. One of us casually said we would have to try it 
again sometime. The thing though was as we talked  we started to get hot 
sexually again. I told Clifford of how I had tasted his juice and wanted to 
taste more. He asked me to run my tongue over the top of his cock or prick as 
he said all the young fellows call there thing. I told him I could never do 
that being the good girl I was. Clifford said he did not know if I was a good 
girl or not but I was a great lady. He said it so affectionly. I slowly 
lowered my head down to the head of his cock or prick and flicked my tongue 
across it. I tasted some juice leaking from the head and knew I had to taste a 
lot more. I licked my tongue across the head of his prick and then down the 
sides to the root. He told me to cup his balls underneath and handle them 
gently while I was licking his cock. I then opened my mouth more and enclosed 
his cock in my mouth and started to work my mouth up and down on him. I looked 
up at him and he had a big grin on his face and I winked at him. I think I was 
falling for him. I continued working my mouth up and down his prick and all of 
a sudden it go rock hard in my mouth, Clifford started convulsing and torrents 
of cream or cum started coming out of his cock. I swallowed so I did not choke 
and held some of his come in my mouth as I wanted to savor the flavor of it. 
As I was savoring the flavor Clifford french kissed me. It was divine. I then
licked his cock and balls clean with my tongue.
 
Clifford said turn about was fair play and had me lie on my back with my legs 
spread. I opened wide and Clifford put his head between my legs and started 
to run his tongue all over my cunt and up into my bush. I started to get that 
feeling again. He would flick on the edge of my hole and then put his tongue 
inside and draw it out and go up to the top of my cunt where this little 
button was getting hard as a rock. He the crouched up a little and asked me to
unbutton my blouse and unhook my brassiere. I complied and Clifford started 
sucking on my breasts at the nipples. My nipples got rock hard and grew about 
one-half inch in size. He also cupped them at the same time. He then slid down 
and started sucking my cunt again while slipping one finger in my cunt and 
playing with one of my nipples with the other. Seeing how hot I was he took 
both my hands and placed my fingers on each nipple and instructed me to play 
with them as he then took his hands and opened my pussy wide and stuck his 
tongue in. he then licked this button and I started to cum and cum. He kept 
licking, I kept playing with my nipples and kept cuming. He slowed down with 
his licking till he almost stopped and started licking some more and I came 
again. He kept this up three or four times. We later figured out I was having
multi-orgasms. Never had I felt such pleasure in my life. 

Clifford then said we should fuck. I told him I never hear that word before 
and he explained what it was. I laid back down on the jacket with my dress and 
petticoats pulled up about my waist. I still had on my white garterbelt and 
stockings and Clifford said they could stay on. My pink panties Ihad put in my
purse. Clifford then got down between my knees and I help him guide the tip of 
his cock to the entrance of my hot steaming juicy wet cunt. He started to 
slide it inside and it filled up my hole that I thought it would split me but 
then it slipped in somemore and met another resistence. Clifford pushed, I 
cried out a little and the pain went away and pure pleasure returned. 

Clifford started working his body up and down and I started to match his up 
and down strokes. He lifted his body up a little and told me to finger one of 
my nipples and my cunt button. As I was doing this and Clifford was fucking me 
we looked into each others eyes and we knew we were ready to cum again. I said 
yes and we both came together. For two people who before today had never cum 
we were doing great. I told Clifford I wanted to lick his juicy cock after he
took it out of my pussy. For the next seven minutes or so Clifford would put
his cock in my pussy, it would soak up our juices, he would take it out again
and I would lick it off with my tongue and then french kiss Clifford. I did 
this till there was no more of his sweet juice left in my pussy. We then 
straightened up our clothes and departed to the trolley. On the way to the 
trolley, I had a crazy idea and took my panties out of my purse, lifted my 
skirt, rubbed them all over my pussy and gave them to Clifford to keep as a
souvenir. We then caught the trolley and Clifford said he would call me during 
to week to make another date for next weekend.
 
                                CHAPTER 2

                    LET YOUR FINGERS DO THE WALKING

Clifford did not call until Thursday night and for a while I had the feeling he 
was not going to call me at all, thinking I was a wanton women. We made a date 
to go to a concert Saturday night after which Clifford took me home and met my 
parents. 

The next day being Sunday Clifford came over to the house. My parents and 
sister had gone out of town and my brother had a date with his girlfriend,
Judith. That left Clifford and myself alone.

Then the pleasures began again. We talked and at the same time made some con-
fessions to each other. He told me that he had taken my panties to bed with 
him each night and would sniff the crotch and then would stroke himself into
coming. I confessed that I had rubbed my button a couple of times and cum but 
had stopped when I had my monthly cycle which was over yesterday afternoon.

Clifford said that he would like to watch me play with mt breasts and pussy 
and bring myself off in front of him. I told him I would if he would do like-
wise. He agreed and then we agreed it would be better to do it singlelly than
together because one could then enjoy and watch the others pleasure. I wanted 
to go first and took off my blouse, skirt and multi color petticoats. Cliff
then unhooked my brassiere and carressed my tits as he called them. He slipped
down my yellow pastel panties and I remained in beige stockings and a yellow
garterbelt. I sat down in a sort of reclining position with my legs apart
and told Clifford to pull a chair up in front of me and watch but not touch 
till I was at least cuming. I started by caressing my breasts and getting my
nipples hard. I then tried to tongue my nipples with my tongue but could not 
quite reach them. I then took my hand and started to rub my legs over my 
stockings and then my thighs. I then put my finger in the slit between my legs
and worked it up and down, all the time getting wetter and wetter. I massaged 
my button and really started to get carried away. I then stuck my finger in my
finger, got it soaking wet, looked Clifford in the eyes, smiled and licked the 
juice off my finger. I did this again and offered my finger to Cliff who I 
thought was going to suck my finger off my hand. I put my hand in my cunt area 
and stuck three fingers up my pussy twisting them every way for more pleasure.
I told Clifford to just stay where he was as I had a treat for him. I played 
with my clit with my other fingers, felt a rush in my pussy and strting cuming 
while looking Clifford deep into his eyes. I slowed down a little, felt 
another cuming coming, stood up and straddled Clifford's face so he could bury 
his tongue in my pussy. He lick ed my pussy when I was cuming again and his 
tongue slipped down to my nether area and I felt it at my backdoor or asshole
as the girls used to say. It was a funny feeling, embarassing in a way but 
Cliff kept licking and I kept cuming. I finally stopped cuming and got off of 
his face. I asked where he had hear about the ass tongue licking and he said  
his parents had some book hidden home with a bunch of pictures and written in 
French but Clifford knew the French language and was able to interpit the
writing. I said he should bring it some time and we  could try out the many 
things he described were in it.

As Clifford said it was now his turn to jerk-off for my pleasure. Now I had to 
not touch Cliff. He took off his trousers and shorts and his cock was exposed 
to view. He sat in the reclining chair and I opposite. He started by getting 
the end of his cock wet with his saliva and then started to run his finger 
over the head. The cock started to weep and pretty soon the whole thing was 
getting wet with a mucus solution. He wrapped one hand around his cock and 
started stroking it, slowly at first the faster. He cupped and rubbed his 
balls with the other hand. He was looking at me intensely and said it made him 
real, real hot to have me watch as he jerked himself off. I was hot as 
anything to and would have love to dove on his cock with my mouth. He lifted 
his shirt up almost to his neck and then resumed jerking. All of a sudden he 
convulsed, his dick started shooting gobs of cum which landed all over his 
chest, stomach and hairs around his cock. He said the next move was mine. I 
dove for his chest and licked all the cum off his chest, french kissed him, 
went to his stomach, licked off all the cum, french him again and licked his
balls and cock clean, then kissed him again.

As time was getting late and my parents were expected within the hour I had 
Cliff put his cock in my pussy and give me a quick fuck. I came three times to
his once. I also managed to get all the juice out of my pussy into my mouth as 
I explained before.
 
We then straightened up and waited for my parents to arrive.

While waiting my brother Herbert came home and said he and Judith decided to 
part company. He acted a little relieved. I said the next time we got together
we would introduce him to Cliff's sister Susie who was Ann's age. My parents
came home with my younger sister and we all went out to get a bite to eat.
 
Leave a message if you want to read more.
