
    Alice had been naughty.  Her lover was away for the weekend and she 
was bored.  When Dave called her, telling you about the concert tickets 
he had, she knew what he wanted, but between the boredom and wanting to 
see the concert (and Dave's build) she went. 
    Dave did everything he could to turn her on.  He had drinks at his 
place ready before she left.  she sat out on the lawn at the pavilion, 
drinking wine.  He put his arm around her, and at every opportunity Dave 
touched her, stroked her, patted her, massaged her. 
    He spent a good ten minutes rubbing her forearms when she talked about 
typing much of the morning.  He spent longer on her back, and the kiss at 
the end had seemed so natural.
   The three that followed were more forceful.  She didn't protest when 
his hand began rubbing her breast ... she rather liked it. 
   On the way home his hand was under her dress as he drove, teasing her 
pubic mound so that by the time she reached his appartment you were wet 
and as horny as she could remember being.  He took her on the rug in his 
living room, and then later in his big bed.
   For Alice, things had gotten out of hand ... and she loved it.
   Dave had continued to maintain possession of either her breast or her 
sex the whole drive home.  When they had entered the house he had begun 
kissing her in ernest as he undressed her.  His tongue had explored her 
in ways she had always refused to her lover, Mark.  Dave had simply been 
insistent.  He had tongued her mouth--deeply.  He had gone all over her 
neck, licking her ears.
   Alice had always made Mark stop when he had begun that.  The 
sensation was too--disturbing.  Dave had simply ignored her.  That alone 
had excited her.  The fact that she was also discovering a new erogonous 
zone on her body only made matters worse.
   Dave had continued.  He had tongued his way down to her breasts, and 
instead of liking and sucking the way Mark did, Dave had gone over her 
whole breast, or rather both of them.  It was flattering in a way, and 
just a little gross.
   Alice had been deeply aroused.
   That first time in the living room, on the rug, Dave had not even 
waited to completely undress her.  He had taken off her bra and shirt, 
and then pulled off her panties.  
   With her skirt bunched up around her hips he had forced her over the 
footstool on her stomach and had her from behind, somehting she had 
refused to allow Mark to do.  
   Her inability to control Dave made her feel terribly wanton as she 
allowed him each liberty.  She had come almost as soon as he had entered 
her, her skirt still on, on her face, from the rear.
   Dave was taking her like a bitch, she thought.  The word "bitch" 
seemed to excite her even more.  She repeated it to herself as his hard 
member shoved home, again and again.
   When Dave had come, she had expected to get dressed, but instead he 
had taken her to his bedroom, removed the rest of her clothes and made 
her assume positions on his bed.  
   When she had refused, he had simply moved her to the desired 
position.  
   As she showed herself, he had stroked her mound, rubbed her breasts, 
and generally tried to keep her horny.
   It had worked.
   He had gotten her ready to make love a second time by eating her.  
Alice had resisted this.  She had never allowed Mark to lick her after 
they had had sex.  It seemed so--Wrong.  
   Dave ignored her and went down on her, licking her with much more 
energy than Mark did, making her come twice.
   As she reached that stage of orgasm (the first time) when you lose 
control of your body for a few seconds he had slid a finger up her ass 
and then had continued to run it in and out of her in a fucking motion 
as he licked her engorged slit.
   He paid more attention to her pussy than Mark did.  He licked the 
whole slit, running his tongue up and down her whole length, even 
darting in and out of her well fucked hole.  He knew when he was getting 
to her and as the second orgasm approached he went down on her with a 
gusto, matching each stroke of his tongue with one from the finger in 
her virgin ass.
   As she came the second time, Dave waited for her to relax and was in 
her in a matter of two seconds.  
   She had come instantly, again.
   Dave had settled down for a long screw.  He had pulled her knees up 
to his chest.  He had pulled her legs straight and put them on his 
shoulders.  He had turned her hips on their side, screwing her all the 
while.  
   Dave had come a second time and had barely allowed her to get her 
breath before his fingers were burried in her snatch.  
   "He's treating me like a bitch!" She thought.  The thought made her 
hot.
   He had played her body like a violin, keeping her on the edge of 
orgasm for minutes at a time.
   When she had had her fourth orgasm from his fingers, he had presented 
his limp organ to her face.  She knew what he wanted and she looked 
desperately for a way out.
   She had gone down on Mark (and to both boyfriends before him), but 
never after sex.  She didn't mind a clean cock, but to lick one that had 
just ...
   That was too much.
   But here was Dave, and she would have to admit that she was bothered 
by something he obviously thought was fine.  He had already gone down on 
her, and after coming in her as well.
   Alice stared at the organ.  Dave took the back of her head and 
directed her mouth to his cock.
   In the end it was easier to suck his cock than it was to refuse.
   Dave's cock had grown to its earlier proportions fairly quickly.  
Alice was at least fairly sure that he didn't expect her to let him 
erupt in her mouth.  When he was hard he had continued to have her suck 
on him, guiding her mouth up and down, setting the tempo.
   Alice had begun to worry when he had pulled it out.
   Dave truned her back over on her hands and knees.  She had pulled two 
of the pillows from the bed to put under her arms for support.  He had 
reached around and was fingering her slit from behind her.
   Unable to hold still, she thrust her ass back at his cock.  She 
wanted to feel his cock inside her and, oddly, she was thrilled to be 
getting it on her hands and knees again.
   The phrase, "Like a bitch!" went on and on in her head as she shoved 
her bottom out to recieve his prick.
   Dave entered her slowly.  He seemed to want to slow her down, to make 
his strokes as long as possible.  After four strokes, he pulled out and 
put his now well lubricated cock against the rosebud of her asshole.
   He had the head in before she had stopped shoving her ass back at 
him, trying to recapture his cock.
   Dave had held her by her hip on one side and literally by her cunt on 
the other so that she couldn't dislodge him.  He had kept up the rubbing 
action on her clit continously so that she couldn't decide if it was 
painful or--terribly exciting.
   Dave continued, in small strokes, to shove his cock back further into 
her ass.  She had taken it all.  
   "Like a bitch!" She thought.
   He had gone into her to the hilt and rested a moment before beginning 
to fuck her ass.
   "like a bitch!"  Alice thought.
   He had made her come from the dual presure of his hand on her clit 
and his prick in her ass.
   "I'm coming, Like a bitch!'"  She thought as her orgasm erupted. 
   Dave had kept her coming for nearly three minutes.  His hands had had 
to hold her in place to prevent her gyrations from unseating him.  
   Finally his spurting into her ass ended things and the two fell in a 
semi-swoon on his large bed. 
   Half an hour later Alice had put on her skirt and blouse,  her 
underware stuffed into her purse. 
   Dave had driven her home just before two in the morning.  She had 
kissed him in the car and walked up her steps to her house feeling very 
confused and very satisfied.
   Seeing Mark sitting in the chair in the living room had nearly 
stopped her heart.
   Alice's dress was wrinkled to death.  Even if she had stopped to use 
Dave's bathroom thoroughly, the dress alone would have shown what she 
had been up to.
   Mark stood up and asked if there was any point in his staying.  
Alice had burst into tears.
   Seeing Mark was a shock, but it had crystalized her feelings for her.  
It was Mark she wanted, and she told him that.  
   "Mark, I know I've hurt you, but I do love you. I'll do anything to 
get you to stay."
   Mark had stopped.  "Really?  Anything?"
   "Yes.  Anything."  Alice had managed to get both sorrow and defiance 
into her voice at the same time.
   "If I stay," Mark began, "I want an end to all your hangups about 
sex.  If you can screw around on me--"
   "It wasn't ..." Alice began and thought better of it.
   "You can stop telling me that things I want are dirty." Mark 
continued. "That's the first thing."
   "O.K. Mark, just don't leave."
   "Second, you can spend the rest of the week showing me that you've 
truned over a new leaf."
   "I will, Mark, I will."
   "Third, You'll have to pay for tonight, any way I think you should."
   Alice thought of what she knew of Mark, and decided that she could 
endure anything that he might come up with.
   "Whatever you think is fair, Mark.  Just remember I love you." Alice 
answered.
   "We'll see how much.  Take off your clothes."
   Alice had been afraid of this.  The phrase, "Like a bitch." now had a 
new meaning to her.
   She had turned her back to Mark and taken off her shirt.  She hung 
her shirt on a chair, thankful that Dave hadn't been one for hickies.  
She took off her wrinkled skirt with more trepedation.  Mark knew she 
never went out without panties.
   "Turn around."
   Alice tried to look demure.  It was hard.  Not only was she naked, 
but freshly fucked as she was, there were still traces of Dave's come on 
her ... and dripping out of her.  
   Alice wished ferverntly for a minute alone in the bathroom.  She 
didn't dare ask.
   "Come here."
   Alice walked slowly to him.
   "Lay across my lap."
   Alice had assumed that he would want to fuck her.  A spanking hadn't 
even entered her mind.  She could barely remember her last spanking.  
She had been in grade school and her mother had pulled down her drawers 
and used a hair brush on her young ass after finding out about a fight 
in school.
   With some genuine fear, Alice lay across his lap.
   Mark didn't begin spanking her at once.  First he spread her legs and 
felt the sticky dampness there.  Alice blushed hotly at the shame of 
having mark examine the evidence of her infidelity.  
   Alice tried to hold still as Mark's fingers followed the traces up 
her legs to her sex.  His finger went on onto her mound, and after a 
second, right into her well fucked hole.
   It was while Alice was trying not to react to the shame of such an 
examination that Mark slapped her ass for the first time.
   "Count them."
   "One."
   And so it went to twenty-five.  With each slap, Mark's finger 
explored more of her cunt.  Then with his fingers in her hole, and his 
thumb on her clit, Mark had begun the inquisition.  
   He had insisted on each detail of what she had done, leaving out only 
the name of her partner.  Alice was so relieved that she held nothing 
back ... for long.
   At each new act, Alice had tried to hide how easily she had allowed 
herself to be used by Dave.  Each evasion brought not a new round of 
spanking, but a new level of sensation on her clit.  
   By four A.M., weak with orgasms, Alice had told him every detail, 
save one.  She had not told him that she had gone down on him after he 
had fucked her.
   At four-thirty, Mark had allowed her a brief respite.  
   "I need to tell you some things." Mark had begun, "I believe you want 
me to stay, and that you love me.
   "I believe you will try to change, and I'll let your actions for the 
week speak for themselves.
   "I also know that you're still holding back something.  We'll go over 
that tomorrow night.  I'm getting too tired."
   Alice crawled up in his lap and kissed him several times.  She had 
never come so many times in a single night before.  
   "One last thing, "Mark continued, "listening to you has made me 
horny.  As long as you're naked, it seems like a waste not to do 
something about it."
   Mark led her to their bedroom.  He stacked pillows near the center of 
the bed.  He positioned Alice over them.  Standing to one side, he 
undressed.
   Alices relief as he plunged into her pussy was short lived as he 
pulled out and slid his variously lubricated cock into her ass.
     
                      THE END--
    
     
   But soon to come:
                                  Alice's Special Week.

