                          Babysitting Discovery
                                 Part 4
                            By Mitchell Knight

        A couple of weeks went by before I got a call from the Wallace's
to babysit.  I was going crazy waiting for them to call again.  I couldn't
get my encounter with Steve out of my mind.  Every time I would masturbate
I would think about him and what we had done together.  Of course I would
have his picture out to look at to fuel my fantasy.
        Sometimes when I masturbated now I would stick a finger up my ass
to stimulate myself that way.  I was so glad that Steve had shown me that
new delight.  It didn't hurt any more, and I pushed my finger as far in as
it would go while I masturbated.  I had some pretty amazing orgasms doing
this, but none of them matched the one Steve had given me.
        In the showers at school I would still look at the others boys,
but none of them could really measure up to the object of my desire.  They
all had that thick patch of pubic hair.  None of them were daring enough
to trim it.  Their cocks just didn't measure up to Steve's either.  He
stood alone compared to these boys.
        Often though I would find myself staring at certain boys in the
shower with black or dark hair and build their proportions into Steve's,
but this became a dangerous use of my imagination.  This would always lead
to a stiffening of my cock which would have been embarrassing in those
surroundings, so I would quickly turn away from whatever guy I was looking at.
        Toward the end of my second week without Steve, my fantasies
took a turn to the outrageous.  I was staring at Steve's picture and
heartily stroking myself with a finger buried deep in my anus when my
encounter with Nick sprang to mind.  This led to my picturing Nick, Steve,
and I together in the master bedroom.
        I pictured all three of us on the bed naked and sucking on each
other.  I saw myself sticking my pinky up Nick's asshole--he was the one I
was sucking--and watching Nick suck on his father's large erection.  I
came, excited and worried about this image.  My cum spurted up onto my
chest and onto my hand.  So involved had I become with the fantasy, I
hadn't grabbed a tissue in time to catch the semen.
        As I was cleaning up, I thought about the direction this latest
fantasy had taken me.  I wondered whether it was wrong for me to get
excited about seeing a father and son have sex.  The phone rang and
interrupted these thoughts.
        I put away the picture and began to get dressed when my mom
knocked on the door.
        "What?" I called.
        "It's Mrs. Wallace on the phone," my mother called through the
door.  "She wants to know if you can babysit Saturday night."
        The word 'yes' flew out of my mouth almost before she even
finished the sentence.  Yes, I had to return to that house for some more
excitement.  Two weeks was far too long for me to wait to see Steve.
        The two days I had to wait were almost unbearable, but I kept on
telling myself that I had waited two weeks already, I could wait a little
longer.  During those two days I abstained from any masturbating, but it
was difficult.  I wanted to wait until I was back in that house because
there was that chance that I would have sex.  I knew that with Mrs.
Wallace around, there was only a slim chance of getting together with
Steve, but there was always that tape that I could masturbate to, and
there was also Nick.  He was a poor substitute for his father, but he was
still better than doing it by myself.
        Saturday night finally arrived, and I hurried over to their house.
 Steve greeted me at the door.  Mrs. Wallace entered the entryway right
after I got there.
        "Hello, Alex," she said as Steve took my coat.
        "Hi," I answered.  I kept in check the surprising amount of
dislike I suddenly felt for her.  If it wasn't for her, Steve and I
wouldn't have had any problem having sex that night.  As it stood right
now, I didn't see any possible way that we could, but I still hoped that
maybe Steve had some plan.
        "We'll be back around 1 or 2, like usual," Mrs. Wallace began to
explain.  "Nick's friend Chris is here, and he can sleep over, but if they
misbehave, just send him home."
        I nodded.  I wished Steve were explaining this.  I loved to hear
his deep, husky voice.
        They left after the regular string of instructions.  I joined the
boys as they watched TV.  After the first show got over, they both got up.
        "We're going to go play upstairs," Nick explained to me.
        "Okay," I said.
        They left the room and trotted upstairs.  I decided to watch the
next sitcom, but I got up and went into the kitchen for a soda.  While I
was out there, I heard the sound of water being run upstairs.  I wondered
what they could possibly being doing.
        Concerned that they might be up to something that I could get in
trouble for, I went upstairs to investigate.  
        The sounds were coming from behind the bathroom door.  It sounded
like someone was drawing water for a bath.  I put my ear up against the
door to see if I could hear what was going on.
        "Can you shoot?" I heard Nick ask.
        "Yeah," Chris answered.
        "You don't have any hair though," Nick observed.
        "No, but I can still shoot.  I'll show you.  I just rub my dick
when I'm taking a bath and it comes out.  It's kinda sticky," Chris said.
        "Yeah, I know," Nick said.
        "How do you know?  You can't do it yet."
        "No, but--"
        At this point I tried the knob on the door, and finding it
unlocked, I opened the door.
        "What are you guys doing in here?" I asked, feigning surprise.
        Both boys tried to cover up their erections, and started blushing
at the embarrassment at having been caught.  I got a good look at Chris
though, and I noticed that he was really cute.  He had blond hair and
light blue eyes.  He had a very trim, husky build.  I think that he was
twelve or thirteen.  I decided on twelve since he didn't have any pubic
hair, but I could have been wrong.  He had a shorter penis than Nick's. 
It was only about three inches long, and very thin.
        "Nothin'," Nick answered in that way kids have of denying
everything even when it's obvious what was going on.
        "Can I do nothin' with you?" I asked, smiling.  I felt my erection
penis began to stiffen in my pants.
        Nick brightened.  "Yeah."  He turned to Chris and said, "It's
okay.  Alex is really cool.  He showed me something neat."
        I calmly started to undress, feeling very confident that this
situation wouldn't lead to any problems for me.  Chris seemed as
interested in watching me take off my clothes as Nick was.
        Once I was naked, I wasn't quite sure what to do.  Before it had
been either Steve or Nick who had really guided the sexual encounter for
the most part.  It seemed as if I had put myself in the dominant role in
this situation.  Now I had to figure out where I was going to take this.
        "You have cum?" I asked Chris.
        He nodded.
        "Let's get in the tub together and then I'll show you something
that feels really good," I suggested.
        Nick hopped in immediately, and then Chris and I followed.  I sat
down in the warm water against the end of the tub.  I had Chris stand
before me and Nick sat on the edge of the tub watching us.  Chris' stature
was perfect for me to reach his penis while I sat.
        I took the thin three-incher in my mouth.  It fit quite
comfortably.  I felt his balls and noticed that these were bigger than
Nick's even if his cock wasn't.  I pulled back slowly on his erection
keeping my lips firmly clamped on the smooth flesh of his penis.
        Bringing my lips to the tip of his erection, I slid my tongue
around the top of his penis a few times like Steve had done to me.
        "Doesn't it feel good?" Nick asked his friend.
        "Yeah," Chris mumbled, caught up in the new, delightful sensations.
        "Alex did that to me before," Nick bragged.
        I ignored their idle chatter as I concentrated on making the boy
come.  I slid my mouth slowly down the length of his cock once again, and
then came back up.  I began to pick up the pace of the blowjob, and Chris
got into it, bringing his hips forward to meet my mouth as I slid to the
base of his erection.
        He leaned forward a little bit just as I felt his body begin to
tense up with the onslaught of his climax.  He put his hands on my
shoulders and rested his weight against me as the first spurt of semen
shot into my mouth.  
        "Ahhhh," he groaned in release.
        After a couple more spurts, he slumped against me.  I drew him
into my lap and he rested his head against my shoulder.
        "You ate his stuff?" Nick asked, his face screwed up in disgust.
        "Yeah," I answered.
        "Did it taste good?" he asked.
        "It tasted very good," I answered.
        "What does it taste like?"
        I just chuckled.  "I can't really describe it.  You have to try it
for yourself to find out."
        "I want to eat yours," Nick said.
        "Okay," I answered.
        Chris got up and took Nick's place on the edge of the tub.  I
stood up and Nick knelt before me in the water.  He opened his mouth and
fed the glans of my limp penis into it.  At the first touch of his lips
and the inside of his hot little mouth, I became erect.
        I had to admire the kid.  He did his best to take as much of my
erection as he could, but he was too small.  He just couldn't take it all.
 His mouth felt really great on my dick though.  He began to imitate the
motion of the blowjob, bobbing up and down the length of my dick.  It felt
good, but not good enough to get me off.
        I suggested he increase the tempo, but even that didn't really
work.  He just didn't have the experience and knowledge of his father.  I
gently lifted his head from my cock after a few minutes of the blowjob.
        "It's just not going to work.  Here, I'll jerk off and then you
can eat what comes out," I said.
        "I'll stand right here and catch it," Nick said.
        "I want to catch some too," Chris said.  "I want to taste it."
        He got up and stood by Nick's side in the water.  The idea of
shooting my cum all over these two boys was really getting me excited. 
This was going to turn out better than if I had come in Nick's mouth.
        I lathered my cock up with the soap and then steadily began to
stroke myself.  Jacking off for my enraputred audience brought out the
showman in me.  I started off slow so as to build the sense of
anticipation.  I ran my hand around the head of my erection and then
brought it slowly down the shaft.
        Grabbing it in my first, I began to slide the loose skin up and
down the length of the shaft.  With my other hand, I poked a finger slowly
up my anus and thrust this in and out.  Both hands began to pick up speed
so that my stroking grew faster as my finger went in faster and deeper.
        The pressure in my groin began to build until finally I passed the
breaking point.  As I came, shooting a huge load built up over two days, I
took aim.  I tried to spray equal globs of my sticky white semen over both
boys.
        Once I finished, I collapsed into the tub, sitting down in the
water to flush away the soap suds.  I watched as Nick eagerly wiped off a
thick glob of cum from his chest and brought it to his mouth to taste. 
Chris took a more tentative approach.  He watched as his friend ate it,
before he cautiously tried it himself.
        "It's good," Nick told me, wiping some more off his body and
bringing it to his mouth.
        "Okay, you guys, get cleaned up.  I'm going to go back
downstairs," I said.
        I had gotten my rocks off so most of the excitement with being
with the two kids had left me.  I got out of the tub and dried off while
they began to wash.  I got dressed and left them.
        Watching TV kept me entertained for the next couple of hours.  I
went upstairs once to check and make sure the boys were in bed before I
came back downstairs.  I was starting to feel horny again, so I decided I
would take out the tape and watch that and then maybe masturbate again.  
        When I opened the box I found another note on top of the tape.
        
                Alex,
                   Sorry, tonight just won't work out.  (The wife and
                all you know)  Don't worry, we'll get back together
                again soon if you want to.  Here's another picture
                for you to keep.  Watch the video again if you want.
                                   I look forward to our next time,
                                                Steve

        The picture was of him.  It must have been taken about the same
time as the last one.  His tan body was all oiled up, but in this one he
was rubbing newly expelled semen from his cock all over his chest.  I
could see a drop of cum hanging from his thick cock and cum on his hands
and chest as he rubbed it in.
        'Next time,' I told myself.
        I watched the tape and did end up masturbating as I fantasized
about what the next time would be like.

End Part 4      





