       "Amber, I have to run and get something, I will only be ONE
minute, I promise, ok?"  She opened her eyes and I saw a look of
confusion in her hazel eyes before she nodded.  Grabbing the ice
bucket and the key to the room, I hurried down the hall to the ice
machine and grabbed a quick bucketful.  Returning to the room, I
placed the bucket near the door so she wouldn't see it yet, and
retrieved a bandana from my suitcase.
       This was a moment I was a bit nervous about.  I know how much
MORE helpless one feels with the sense of sight cut off, and didn't
want her to panic.  I sat next to her on the bed and stroked her face
gently a few times and asked her if she was ok.  She nodded and I
checked the hand near me to make sure it wasn't cool.  I asked her if
she could wiggle her fingers and toes ok and saw her do so.  Leaning
over her, I checked her other hand to make sure it was warm too.
Maybe I was being a bit paranoid, but I've never done this before, and
was taking the responsibility for her well-being very seriously.  I
asked her to lift her head and tied the bandana around her head
cutting off her sight.  I then rose and went to check her feet and
make sure they were both warm enough too.
       "Amber, do you remember the safe word?"
       "Calculus," she replied.
       "Very good, dear."  I thought I'd just better check, I remember
after the first time I'd met my MASTER, I'd forgotten it entirely and
had trouble recalling it on my way home...and I wanted to be certain
nothing she didn't want would happen.
        I retrieved the bucket of ice, placing it on the floor next to
the bed, and then got a number of items from my suitcase- several
feathers, a bottle of Kama Sutra lotion (the kind that gets hot when
you blow on it), a fur mitt, and a double-dildo I'd borrowed from a
friend.  Going to my MASTER's suitcase, I picked up his vibrator, butt
plug, KY and nipple clamps.  I placed all these items next to the bed
within easy reach and settled down, lying next to Amber.
       At first, I just ran my fingertips up and down her side gently,
looking at her and watching her shiver underneath my touch...and
thinking to myself how absolutely scrumptious she was.  After several
strokes, I ran my finger around the base of her left breast, watching
as her nipple began to harden before I'd even touched it.  In
amusement, I blew on her nipple lightly and was rewarded with a
delicious shiver running the length of her body.  "Lord," I thought,
"She's so responsive, this is going to be fun!"
       I reached over and poured a little bit of the Kama Sutra lotion
into my hand and began gently massaging her left breast, smoothing the
lotion from her nipples outward with my palm.  She moaned delightfully
as she felt my hand moving so gently on her breast, and I reached
around to grab a piece of ice.  At the same time, I placed the ice on
her right nipple, holding it with my right hand, and began blowing on
her left nipple.  I knew the contrast heightened both the heat of the
lotion and the cold of the ice, and the shock of both sensations made
her squirm in her bonds in the most satisfying manner.  Her breath was
coming faster now, fast and deep, and I could resist no longer and
took her left breast into my mouth.  She sighed deeply as she felt me
begin sucking, and her passion combined with her smell and the sticky
sweetness of the lotion enflamed me further and I sucked more
passionately.  Getting a bit more control over myself, I held her
nipple and areola in my mouth as I ran my tongue tip across her
nipple.  Again, she writhed beneath me, obviously pleased.
Experimentally, I closed my teeth very gently around the base of her
nipple and slowly began to pull my head back, lifting her breast and
pulling on her nipple.  She moaned much louder now, squirming her
hips in a supplicating manner, and I was thrilled.  It was a very
minor amount of pain, but it obviously was turning her on.  It looked
like she might be a candidate for nipple clamps after all.
       I released her nipple from my mouth and discarded the tiny
fragment of ice that had not quite finished melting over her other
breast.  I picked up a feather in each hand and straddled her, then
slowly began stroking her from the outside of each breast down her
sides and ending at her thighs.  She squirmed in a wonderful way
beneath me and I felt my own pussy getting hotter as her stomach
writhed against my jeans.  I ran both feathers in parallel a while,
then began varying the strokes, running one upwards as the other went
downwards, surprising her by running one across her stomach suddenly.
She gasped and moaned and writhed beneath me in the most astonishing
manner and I was certain without even turning around to check that the
sheets beneath her were very wet by now!
       I couldn't help but think to myself that teasing can be as hard
on the teaser as the teasee as I felt my own juices dampening my
jeans.  I discarded the feathers and scooted down between her legs,
lying between them with my own legs hanging off the end of the bed.
Experimentally, I tickled her clit with my fingernail tip, barely
touching her and she responded by lifting her hips off the bed in the
most desperate fashion.  I decided she was DEFINETLY ready.
       Moving my head closer, I began by placing my tongue just above
her asshole, on the very sensitive skin of the perineum gently.  Then
I pushed my head forward, my tongue pressing against her skin tightly
as my nose parted her inner labia and I inhaled of her fragrance.  Her
musky odor drove me frantic and it took a lot of self-control to
remain in control.   Langorously, I began licking upwards, my tongue
sliding into her slit as my nose moved upwards pressing against that
spot just below the clit.  Continuing my journey, I licked with the
entire length of my tongue upwards until I was just below her
clithood, then I decreased the pressure and barely flicked her clit
with the tip of my tongue.  She was thrashing about in utter
frustration at this point, or at least thrashing as much as her bonds
allowed.  Suddenly, I inserted a finger deep inside her as I took her
clit gently between my teeth and began sucking hard.  She screamed as
I began finger-fucking her rapidly, sucking her clit hard and then
inserting another finger.  Her screams grew louder and more frantic as
I continued until I saw her lower stomach muscles begin to spasm and
felt her pussy clamp around my fingers.  Her orgasm simply spurred me
on and I sucked harder still, moving my fingers faster in hopes of
taking her higher, on and on, to MORE, flying her into a longer and
longer orgasm, one of those mind-blowing explosions like my MASTER
gives me.
       As she started coming back down, I slowed my motion, tickling
her cervix and vaginal walls with my fingernails as I licked her
clitoris slowly.  I had no intention at ALL of letting her come all
the way back down, I was certain this highly-sexed creature beneath me
must be multi-orgasmic, and I would be damned if I didn't get a few
more out of her.
       As she started back upwards again, I ceased fingering her and
concentrated on my mouth work, licking through her slit up to her clit
again, then nibbling gently as she started cumming again.  Using just
my mouth and some pressure from my nose, I took her up again, sucking
frantically on her clit as she reached the peak to increase it,
prolong it, make her FEEL it.  As she again began her descent, I moved
downwards, lapping her juices up hungrily, licking from below her
cunt, just up to it, and playfully inserting my tongue at the end of
each stroke.  She again began moving her hips in that supplicating
fashion and I had an overwhelming urge to fuck her.
       Tearing myself away from that delectable cunt, I jumped off the
bed and quickly stripped.  Looking down at myself, I thought to myself
that it was lucky she hadn't seen me, the angry red stripes across my
tits would probably have freaked her out.  I picked up the
double-dildo, inserting it inside myself and fumbling with the straps
in my haste.  I obviously should've figured out how the hell to put
this thing on BEFORE now.
       Finally ready, I climbed between her legs and positioned the
dildo between her lips, letting her feel the head just at the opening
of her cunt.  I leaned forward and kissed her neck, teasingly
whispering, "Do you want me to fuck you, dear?"  She nodded her head
rapidly as I licked her ear a moment.
       "Tell me, tell me you want me to fuck you."  And then I leaned
over and licked just the tip of her right nipple and she shivered
again.  Her hips were squirming as far as possible in her bondage,
definetly telling me, but I wanted to hear it.
       "Please fuck me," she whispered.
       "More," I told her, "Beg me."
       "Please fuck me, PLEASE!" she yelled and I entered her hard.
The little dear kept screaming after that, driving me completly
frantic, "OH YES!  Fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME, harder, deeper, MORE!!!"
       Her cries became incoherent as I pumped more frantically, the
dildo pushing deeper and deeper into both of us until our clits were
touching with each stroke.  As I pushed deep into her again, I began
shaking with my own orgasm, and yelled out to her, "CUM for me, NOW,
cum for ME!!!" and saw her begin to shake as well.  Determined to
take her higher again, I forced myself to continue pumping as I came
down from my own ascent, and I recovered enough to watch her face as
she flew, higher and higher, screaming completly incomprehensible
noises.
       I slowed my strokes as she came down, moving slower and more
shallowly, but squirming a bit to make her feel things, a little to
the left, a little to the right, up, down...and again had her aroused
before she'd fully descended.  Her responses were making me SO hot,
and I was beginning to really wish my MASTER were there, to take me
where she'd gone, not to the minor, shallow orgasm I'd achieved on my
own.  My pussy was literally dripping and itching terribly.
       But there was definetly something I wanted to do to her first.
Rolling off of her, I quickly discarded the dildo and picked up the
vibrator.  I teased her pussy a bit using the vibrator with my
left hand as I squeezed a little KY on the index finger of my right
hand.  Her ass was already wet with her own juices, and it was not
terribly hard to insert my index finger, though I was very careful to
do it gradually.  She squirmed faster, moaning slightly as her
sphincter relaxed and my finger slipped in.  Very slowly I moved my
finger in and out while I continued playing the vibrator up and down
between her slit and over her clit.  As I felt her begin to relax, her
muscles no longer clamped around my finger, I cautiously inserted a
second.  Her moan was terribly gratifying as she responded to my
ministrations.
       This position was less than ideal for access to her ass, so I
decided to change things.  Discarding the vibrator and slowly pulling
my fingers from her ass, I rose from the bed and quickly untied her
feet, then went to the head of the bed and untied the rope from the
wrist restraints.  She stretched on the bed a bit, and raised her
hands to the blindfold, when I admonished her that it was to remain.
I didn't want her seeing how black and blue MY ass was, or she'd be
too afraid to allow me to continue!

