"AROSE-1.sty

A true story about a couple's adventures into swinging
Ed and Rose, two professional people open to life and
adventure.

CHAPTER 1
**********************************

     My name is Rose.  I am a slut wife and a flight
attendant for a major airline.  There aren't many women like
me and I like that.  So does Ed.

     Ed and I met on a flight to Seattle.  He was the first
officer and I was a flight attendant.  I immediatelly liked
him.  When I stuck my head in the cockpit to say hello he
said "Wow! You are some good looking lady."

     Ed had that look I like in a man, slim, attractive, and
a pilot's uniform.  Yes, I admit it I wanted a pilot when I
met him.  He also had a touch of grey hair and at 48 was a
good looking man.  I am 32.

     Italian, one-half, I have dark brown hair that I color
Black.  I like the stark colors, black-white and reds.

     I learned about sex when I was 12.  My aunt gave me a
copy of "The Sensual Woman" and I read it cover to cover in
a day or two.  Within six months my aunts husband had seduced
me and I learned about fucking, hand jobs, sucking cock, and
how to please a man.  By fourteen I had fucked at least 10
men.  My uncle had me until I was about 22, off and on, so to
speak.  The next few years I was to capture many a young
man's cherry  as I was very popular in school.  Early on I
had 34D breast and got lots of attention.

     By sixteen I was dressing up and looking 20 plus and
dating men in their 30's.  My mother knew and encouraged me
as I was dating such men as the chief of police and the mayor
and other celebrities.  If my dad knew he never said anything
and by seventeen I had fucked men all the way to sixty years
of age.  The number ran to well over fifty by then.

     Today at 32, I am very sexy, slim by choice, 5'7", 115
lbs., and a nice 34D-22-34.

     Ed and I dated for six months before he finally said he
thought I was the sexiest woman he had ever been with.  I
liked that a lot.  He also said he thought that I would never
be totally happy with just him.  I could not convince him
different.  He told me he wanted me but with an open
relationship.  He wanted to marry me but only if I agreed to
fuck other men.   Well.....now what sound thinking lady would
turn that down?

     It all started for real on a misty night with Ed in
another town and me at home.  We were engaged in some phone
sex when he ask if I wanted a big cock in my wet pussy.  The
answer was, of course, YES.  He ask if I wanted to seduce
some sexy man into fucking me that night.  I said YES.  He
said I should dress up, sexy and go to the nearby Hilton
hotel and  test my sexuality.  I ask if he wanted me to get
fucked.  He said YES and I was on fire.

     I immediatelly went to my closet and selected a very
sexy dress, back open to the crack of my ass, hip hugging,
with straps that tied behind my neck and just barely covered
my ample breast.  I also wore my sexiest high heels, 4".

     At the hIlton I sat in the back away from the band area
which was playing.  I loved the looks I got as I wound my way
to the table.  Ed had given me a hugh 2+ caret diamond ring
as a engagement ring. It was beautiful and I wondered if it
would slow the men down.  I did not have long to wait.

     David leaned over my table.  "Buy you a drink?" he ask.

     "Yes," I said easily as I checked out his full head of
grey hair.  He was slightly taller than me and slim.

     "Now what is a sexy thing like you doing out here alone
tonight?"  Dave ask smiling.

     "Bored," I said.  "Needed to get out."

     "Where is your hubby?" he ask.

     "He is a pilot on a trip," I answered.

     "Oh..Oh," Dave smiled again.  "A bit of the cat's away
type thing?"

     "Yes," I answered smiling at him.

     Dave's hand covered mine now.  He admired my well
manicured nails with red nail cover.  "Want to dance?" he
ask.

     Dave held me close even though the music was medium,
paced and soon I knew he was getting aroused.  I liked that,
turning him on.  So when his hand found the swell of my back
and lower I encouraged him.  His rock hard cock was pressing
hard into my lower stomach.  I loved feeling it roll as we
moved.

     Back at the table he sat close and ran his hand over my
knees.  "So does hubby know you are out tonight?"  Dave ask.

     I thought a second.  What should I say.  I decided to go
with truth.  "Yes, he does.  He wants me to enjoy myself
while he is away." I watched Dave's face as I spoke.  He was
not outwardly shocked too much.

     "Nice man.  I think I like him," Dave said.  "I like you
too and better than him."

     With this statement Dave leaned forward and kissed me
lightly, but I met him more than half way.  My tongue shot
out and teased him.  What was to be a peck became hotter.
He got the message.

     Dave excused himself and left the table for a few
minutes.  When he returned he leaned over me and kissed me
again.  Again we exchanged tongues.  The sexuality was
building.

     Now Dave was even more open. "I want to make love to you
tonight," he said.

     I was shocked at his blunt statement.  I think I laughed
a bit at his bluntness.  His hand on my knee felt very good
and I loved his kisses.  "I don'tknow about that," I said not
sure where to go with it next.  But, he knew.

     "Look," he said, "we like each other, right?"

     "Right," I said.

     "So why not?  Ed would approve, I am sure."  Dave was
persistent.

     I smiled at the reference to Ed.  He probably would like
it.  I was sure I would.

     Dave saw his openning.  "Look let's go to your place.
If it doesn't feel right we will just talk."

     Dave's hand was now inside my thigh and I was wearing no
hose at all.  I felt his heat and my pussy was getting wet.
Dave kissed me again and this time it was hotter. His fingers
grazed over my crotch now and I knew he felt my wetness.

     "Ok," I said.  I knew I wanted to get fucked and he knew
it also.

     Outside at my car he pulled my close and laid a very hot
kiss on me.  His tongue and mine dueled for depth while our
bodies pressed tight for reaction.  He reacted well.

     On the way home, Dave following, I wondered what I had
gotten into.  When Dave entered the house I was at the bar
fixing a drink.  From behind Dave slide his hands inside the
sides of my dress and cupped my breast.  I leaned back and
he kissed me.  Oh so nice, I melted as I felt his cock
growing again against my ass.  The phone rang.

     I went to the living room and sat on the couch to answer
the phone.  It was 1 AM.  "Hi baby,"  It was Ed and my heart
went crazy hearing his voice.  "Oh Hi," I said.

     "Have fun?"  Ed ask.

     I could hear the expectation in his voice.  "Yes!" I
said.  "I have a gorgeous man here beside me right now."
Dave was right there and his hands were very busy.  One
cupped my crotch and the other was busy trying to untie my
neck straps.  "We just got home."

     "OH!"  Ed said.  "Gonna get laid?"

     "I don't know," I said as Dave put my hand on his now
bare cock.  Dave ask if it was Ed and I shook my head yes.

     "Whoops!  There goes the dress top."  Dave had opened
the dress tie and it fell to my waist.  Dave stood and put a
knee on the couch bringing his cock toward my face wth my
hand still stroking it.  I pulled him closer and ovaled my
mouth around the head of Dave's cock.

     "Ummmm, now I have a mouth full of a beautiful cock.
I am in heaven.  It looks just like yours."

     "Oh yea baby, sounds like you will get laid."  Ed was
excited.

     "I expect so," I said.  Dave was leaning into me now
and letting me talk and suck intermittently.  He was rock
hard.  "So good honey, I like this,"  I said as I went
back to taking Dave's cock inside my mouth.  I took Dave deep
inside my throat and back again feeling his heat.

     Dave's hand was stroking Rose's breast, so nice and firm
and he knew climax was near.  Seeing the young wife suck his
cock while talking with her husband had him very excited.
"I am going to cum,"  Dave said.

     Rose heard him and took him deeper.  When he convulsed
and fired his cum, Rose sucked it all down missing nothing.
"Oh yes baby.  He just climaxed in my mouth."

     "Alright baby.  Sounds like you are having fun now."
Ed was very excited and Rose could hear that in his voice.

     "Honey, he wants to fuck me.  I have to put the phone
down."  Rose was wondering what to do now.

     Ed had the answer.  "Put the phone on the floor on its
side and have at it baby."

     Dave was now pulling Rose's dress off and her panties as
she talked with Ed.  "OK!,  she managed as she turned to put
the phone down.  Dave placed it on the floor for her and he
quickly mounted her on the couch.  For a several seconds they
rolled and positioned themselves as Dave got into her very
wet pussy.  Rose was in another world.  Oh, she liked that
full feeling as he pushed inside her more than ready pussy.
Ed was forgotten, marriage was forgotten, as she merged with
this man.  He fucked her hard and deep.

     Rose pulled her legs up so he could go even deeper, her
being consumed by lust.

     Dave was raised on his extended arms as he fucked the
skinny wife.  He loved seeing his cock slice into her cunt.
Even better he liked knowing her husband could hear her moans
and cries as she was fucked.  It turned him on and he was
harder than he had ever been in years.  He liked seeing her
titties bounce as he rammed it in her.  Caught up in it he
pounded the wife's cunt drawing gasp and moans with each
stroke, sounds he knew were going out on the phone to her
husband.  The sounds of sex filled the room.

     Ed heard it all.  The couch squeeking as they positioned
themselves.  The sounds of voices not really discernable.
Then some quiet and then Rose moaning, the couch squeeking,
and then the sounds of flesh slapping flesh.  He knew Rose
was getting fucked.  It all grew louder, squeeking, moans,
slapping sounds,and then that tell tale sound of a cock
splitting a very wet pussy.  Ed climaxed.

     Having climaxed once Dave knew he was good for a good 20
minutes or better and his cock was still rock hard.  Rose was
great, a terriffic lay. Her hips moved with him and her legs
pulled back swung against his side as he pounded her, his
cock slicing the skinny brunette's pussy on each stroke.  She
was one hot bitch, he thought as he watched her take it.

     Lost in it all Rose was having climax after climax.  She
was not focused on anything but getting fucked, not Ed and
not what he thought but what she felt, a hard cock in her
very wet pussy.

     Dave was nearing climax and he lay forward on Rose,
feeling her titties press against him.  Rose's warm, wet
mouth opened for his tongue and he tasted his cum on her
lips.  This position brought his hard cock up over Rose's
clit and she got hotter.  Dave loved the way her hips bucked
up at him and her legs jack knifed with each thrust.  Her
pussy was even tighter in this position and he felt her pubic
bone scraping his cock as he fucked her.
     Now Rose thought about her husband hearing her fuck a
strange man.  She visualized him stroking his cock as she got
fucked.  She made a mental note to thank Ed for letting her
let her slutty side out.  Then her clit took over and she was
lost again in lust.  Now she hung on as Dave fucked into her
more than willing cunt.

     The room rocked with sexual sounds and they sped to a
thunderous climax.  Minutes later Rose was handed the phone
as Dave got up to a sitting position.

     "Hi baby.  It was wonderful, thank you."  Rose gushed in
the phone.

     "Oh yea honey, great lay huh?"  Ed said a bit hoarse.
"You are one fantastic woman.  Let me talk to Dave now, ok?"

     "Sure,"  Rose said and she handed the phone to Dave.

     "Man you are one lucky son of a bitch," Dave said.
"This is one beautiful woman.  What a body."

     "Thanks,"  Ed said.  "I sure love her a lot. Did you
enjoy her?"

     "Oh man, yes.  Best blow job I have ever had and what
a great lay,"  Dave said.

     Rose got an idea.  As Dave and Ed talked she eased her
way between Daves legs, sat on the floor and took his now
flacid cock in her hands and started stroking him.  She told
herself it was to drive Ed and Dave crazy but she knew she
just wanted to get fucked again.  She mouthed Dave's cock and
then his balls.  She heard Dave describing what she was doing
to him and she worked to get him hard again.  It worked.

     "I have to hang up now and take your wife to the bed.
This seems like an all night thing."  Dave could take no
more.  He had to mount the hot brunette again.

     The next day I met Ed at the airport.  They hugged and
kissed warmly.  Ed was very excited with all that had
happened.  He told me several times he loved me and I needed
to hear that.  In the car he got between my legs and ate me
out before we left the parking lot.

     "Want to do it again?"  Ed ask as we headed home.

     I smiled, licked my lips and thought about how easy men
are.  "Sure."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                