Archive-name: Affairs/augusta.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Augusta

Keywords: pregnant


     Augusta is a JAP (jewish American Princess) by
definition only.  She is Jewish and very spoiled yet she has
strikingly blonde hair and soft facial features.  She is very
petite with small hand and very tiny feet.  Five foot tall
with a proportional figure that fits her height and well
shaped breasts which are small yet round and firm.  She is
also very pregnant.  Her husband is off on another of his so
called business trips leaving her to fend for herself this
last month before the baby is expected.
     I dropped by one Saturday afternoon to check to see how
she was doing and I must admit I found out.
     "Hi there, what brings you here?"
     "I came over to see if you were alright."
     "Fat, tired and sore, but other than that I'm okay."
     "You're about ready to have the baby aren't you?"
     "Yep, next month, and if he don't come out I am going to
have a fit."
     "How do you know it's going to be a he?"
     "Oh I don't know."
     "Maybe it'll be a she and she be as beautiful as her
mother."
     "Well right now I don't feel so pretty, I feel fat and
my sides hurt.  It hurts when I sit or lay down and it
definitely hurts for me to walk."
     "Here this will help."
     "What are you doing?"
     "I'm going to massage your sides.  They hurt  because
you aren't quite used to carrying all that weight around and
it makes your muscles sore and this will make them feel
better."
     "Oh God! that does feels good.  Where did you learn
that?"
     "I do have a few kids you know."
     "Yes and I'm sorry you and Toni split up.  Do you see
the  kids at all?"
     "No, she has them in Ohio."  I said massaging her sides.
She fell silent to enjoy the massage I guess.  I stood behind
her chair with my hands rubbing her sides.  Standing there
looking down at her I could see her breasts through the loose
open necked maternity top that she had on.  I reached around
cupping one small breast in each hand.
     "They aren't sore."
     "No but I bet they haven't been rubbed in a while
either."
     "Please don't do that."
     "If you want me to stop, I'll stop if not I won't." I
I said slowly rubbing her breasts in small circles, cupping
them in the palm of each hand.
     "You better stop, it gets me excited."
     "I'm going to keep rubbing them until you are and then I
am going to rub you all over."
     "You can't"
     "Why, you can't do it because of the baby?"
     "No, it's not that it's, well, it's complicated."
     "When was the last time you went to bed and had sex the
way you wanted it?"
     "Don't, it's been a long time, almost two months."
     Then lean back and enjoy."  She leaned back and closed
eyes her eyes but she wasn't enjoying.  I turned the chair
around then knelt between her legs.  I lifted her maternity
top exposing her swollen stomach.  I kissed her navel then
teased it with my tongue.  I leaned forward pulling up her
maternity top and her bra.  I took each nipple in my mouth
and teased them until they stood straight out.  As I licked
and sucked them she reached behind her unsnaping her bra.
Her skirt was and old skirt with a draw string sewn to it and
the front cut out to make room for her swelling stomach.  It
didn't have the extra insert that you see with a maternity
skirt to cover her stomach.  Her panties came part way up but
just barely managed to cover anything at all.  I undid the
little bow she had tied in the draw string then pulled the
skirt down.
     "Stand up so I can pull them off."  She got to her feet
then I pulled off her skirt.  I grasp the elastic waist band
of her panties and pulled them down slowly.  The hair on her
pussy was damp and matted down but brilliantly blonde with an
aroma that I couldn't resist.  Before I got her panties to
her ankles so she could step out of them I pressed my face to
her crotch.  I had to tilt my head back to get close to it
but I reached my tongue into to taste the wetness of her
snatch.  She held onto my shoulders as she stepped out of her
panties and skirt.  I helped her unbutton her maternity top
and bra leaving her very pregnant and very naked in front of
me, exposing herself for desire and lust.  I took her hand
leading her into the living room where I helped her sit down
on the sofa.  I piled the pillows behind her to bring her
pussy to the front edge of the cushion then propped her feet
up on the  coffee table.  I got undressed quickly then
dropped to my knees between her legs.  She let her legs fall
to the side laying herself wide open.  Her pussy was puffy
and tender as I ran my tongue through the narrow slit
pushing her cunt hair aside leaving the slit clear for my
tongue to lick.  I licked it tasting the juices that were
already oozing from inside her pussy.
     As I licked her cunt she began to enjoy the feelings
that she had not felt for some time.
     "I played with myself a lot lately but it's not the
same."
     "I've wanted to do this since the first time I saw you."
     "I wasn't married then how come you didn't?"
     "I was married, remember."
     "Didn't you fool around, I thought all men fooled around
on their wives."
     "I didn't until  she started sleeping with half the
neighborhood, by then you were married and then you were
pregnant.  You want to know something?"
     "Yes."
     "Seeing you pregnant made me want you all the more."
     "I'm fat and ugly."
     "No you're beautiful, but being pregnant just seems to
turn me on even more."  I said going back to licking and
teasing her snatch.  I licked for a few minutes more then put
the head f my cock to her hole.  I pushed slowly yet as tight
as her pussy was it slipped inside her quite easily because
she was so wet.  As we watched I pushed my eight inch cock
all the way up inside her.  I could feel the baby with my
cock as the baby objected to having it in there.  She smiled
as the baby kicked.  I started stroking slowly watching my
cock disappear into her cunt then slowly reappear as I pulled
it back out.  Her cunt was so wet that I pulled it all the
way out then shoved it back in all the way with no problem.
I began to fuck her faster.
     "Oh God! that feels so good."
     "What feels so good?"
     "Feeling your cock up inside me."
     "After I fuck you in the pussy I'm gonna do a lot more."
     "Oh God!  I think I'm going to cum." she moaned.  Cum
 she did.  She gushed all over me as she let loose almost as
though she had lost control herself.   I stopped pumping
bent down and licked it, but it didn't have any urine taste
to it, it was cum.  I stuck my cock back in her and pumped
faster and deeper, making her cum all the more.  It was
almost too much for me to handle as I quickly began shooting
cum into her wet pussy.  I don't know how long I spent
shooting cum into her but it was all over her cunt and
covered the front of both of us and ran down between the
crack of her ass and covered her ass as well as running down
the front of me covering both my legs with a mixture of her
cum and mine which had an almost acrid smell to it. I began
licking it off her cunt hair and her legs and then I ran my
tongue down the crack of her ass.  I licked the small tight
wrinkled ass hole then pushed my tongue into it slowly.  She
moaned as my tongue explored the inside of her ass.
     "Can you stick your cock in it?"
     "Can I stick my cock in what?"
     "Please stick your cock in my ass, fuck me in the ass?"
            I pushed the head of my cock into her ass.  It
was tight and not nearly lubricated like her pussy was but it
fit so I began fucking her in the ass.  My cock worked it's
way inside her until it was buried in her ass.  I reached
around squeezing her tits as she rubbed her cunt.
     "Now, I'm ready." she moaned.  I pumped as fast as I
could to catch up to her.  Finally I could feel my cum
surging into her ass as she moaned with delight.  Her cunt
was gushing while I filled her ass with cum.  It was a wild
afternoon.  After we lay there for a while I took her
upstairs and gave her a bath and put her to bed for a rest.
     When she woke up an hour later, I climbed into the bed
and we started all over again.  I left that afternoon vowing
to come back often as I could.  She promised that whenever
Moisha was away on business she would call and we would have
a good time while he was gone.  I kept thinking of that as I
drove away smelling the crotch of the panties she had been
wearing, a pure delight.

--
