After a hard day at the office, Cherine wasn't in the mood for 
her usual "gentlemen callers" tonight.  She hoped that she could 
simply go home, take a nice hot bubble-bath, and wane her vice-
presidential tensions at a gourmet home-delivered meal.  But 
tonight there was a slight detour from the normal state of 
affairs.  Her friend had called late in the day, pleading with 
Cherine to take her beloved "puppy" in for the night, because she 
had an out-of town emergency, and was worried about her "Cappie" 
being all alone.  "Oh well", Cherine mused.  What trouble could a 
small puppy cause?
     Cherine arrived at her house with some expectation of what 
was inside waiting to greet her - probably a perky little 
dachsund or terrier of some sort.  Upon opening the door, she was 
met with a bit of shocking evidence that "Cappie" wasn't all that 
little nor even close to a "puppy."  Quietly lying on the floor 
of her living room rug, was a basic, full-grown Great Dane of 
about seventy-or-so pounds.  She closed the door and went over to 
make friends with the new roommate for the evening.  The big 
canine just rolled over and allowed Cherine to pat his tummy.  
Obviously, though of great size, this beast was going to be 
pretty easy to charm.  She noticed a tag on his collar that was 
stamped "El Kapitan."  Hmmph! "Cappie indeed, Cherine thought.  
Nonetheless, this night would be no problem.  At least that's 
what she thought.
     Remembering her relaxing plans, she phoned an order into the 
local Jaiponaise restaurant for a light supper for delivery and 
went through her mail while waiting for the meal to arrive.  When 
the food arrived she carefully arranged the entrees on serving 
dishes and sat down to feast.  Then she noticed that Captain was 
looking rather hungrily at her and recalled her friend's 
suggestion about feeding him "'cause he gets awfully aggressive 
when he's left hungry."  Cherine spied a bag of dog food next to 
the door and fed Captain about 1/3 of it.  She finished her meal 
just as Captain plopped his huge frame back down on the rug and 
fell asleep.  "On to the next planned event - a hot bath!" she 
reminded herself as she left the sleeping hulk for the welcoming 
rush of foamy hot water.
     Sinking into the huge whirlpool tub full of bubbles, Cherine 
completely relaxed into the warm massaging water, letting her 
long brunette hair flow over the side of the tub.  In her state 
of utter contentment, she admired her curvaceous torso and well-
rounded, firm breasts floating in the bubbles.  She ran her long 
fingers down the soft skin of her belly, through her wiry pubes, 
and along the inner surfaces of her shapely thighs.  A rush of 
sexual tension flowed from her head to her toes as she returned 
her fingers to the most-sensitive area between her legs.  Her 
hips moved to the side a bit to allow one of the water jets to 
surge directly towards her awakening labial surfaces.  The 
forceful flow stimulated her now erect clitoris causing electric 
reactions within her vaginal cavity.  "Mmmmm" she moaned, as she 
inserted a searching finger into her cunt.  She felt the walls of 
her vagina becoming engorged and swollen an she pressed deeper 
and deeper into the steamy cavern.  Reaching for her breasts, she 
directed her pussy directly into the oncoming water jet, bringing 
her ever closer to a climax.
     Cherine massaged her round and perfect globes, caressing the 
soft flesh yielding to her firm grasp.  Her erect nipples were 
beginning to ache from the stimulation of the bubbly water.  Her 
ass began to grind towards the water jet as her orgasm grew in 
intensity.  "AAAGGGHHHH!" she cried as the first wave of 
climactic passion shook her entire body.  The water jet felt like 
an onrushing shaft as it drove Cherine into higher and higher 
states of pleasure.  As her orgasm slowly faded, she felt even 
more excited than before about reaching another one very soon.  
Cherine stepped from the draining tub and patted herself dry.  
Then she noticed that Captain seemed to be watching her carefully 
from outside the door, but she shrugged it off and left towards 
the sanctity of her bedroom.
     Her body still tingled from her climax and enticed her to 
want more.  She virtually leapt onto the bed belly first, 
spreading her legs apart and eagerly returning her fingers to her 
still damp cunt.  She ground her torso into the mattress as she 
fingered and probed her wanton hole.  Suddenly she felt the 
heart-stopping sensation of something licking at her thigh.  
Cherine spun around to find Captain right at her side, with that 
same hungry look in his eyes.  She became fascinated with his 
uninvited presence and even more so with his almost sensuous 
gaze.  She leaned back and again spread her legs in an obvious 
display of sexual invitation.  Captain immediately took the 
suggestion and began licking her ever-moistening cunt with 
fervor.  His rough tongue sent chills of pleasure up Cherine's 
body.  Her ass began to grind up towards Captain's eagerly 
lapping muzzle.  The huge dog began to groan in increasing 
tension as his spittle lubricated her pink and juicy pussy; his 
extra-long tongue excited the woman's body into contorted lust.  
Cherine stared at her canine lover and became entranced in his 
extended stimulation of her extremely sensitive clit.  Then her 
eyes widened as she saw his huge cock beginning to slip from its 
heavy protective sheath.  It was huge even now as it lengthened 
and thickened in unbridled animal lust.  Seven inches of it 
protruded from Captain's massive loins as it still grew and 
stiffened in powerful throbs of power.  Drips of dog cum fell 
from its red, pointed tip as it almost touched her slender 
calves, even while he was standing before her.  Cherine's 
emotions became volcanic as she gazed at the enormous dimensions 
of the dog's throbbing prick.
     Suddenly he stopped his animal cunt-licking to survey his 
intended bitch.  Cherine felt inside almost the same animal lust 
that Captain was feeling.  She slowly turned over onto her knees 
to await the canine coupling she was about to experience.  Her 
asscheeks were directly in front of his huge head, and Cherine 
could feel his hot moist panting on her soft inner thighs.  
Captain's tongue went to work once again on her dripping snatch. 
"OOOooohhh!" she moaned as the rough tongue bathed her pulsating 
pussy and licked at her profuse sexual fluids that now were 
seeping down her thighs into the satin sheets.  Then Captain came 
up onto the bed directly behind Cherine's waiting ass.  She 
closed her eyes to shut out the bestial action about to take 
place.
     Captain's huge paws began to wrap around her upper torso, 
when he stiffened for a moment and paused.  He let out a whimper 
and then rammed his huge bulging cock into her wet cunt, burying 
it up to the hilt.  "AAAAAaaaahhh!" she cried as her eyes shot 
open and she found herself staring at the huge legs and tail of 
the beast between her legs.  The dog's golf-ball sized testicles 
hung heavy below her dripping slit, banging against her sensitive 
clitoris.  Then Captain drew back for another heavy thrust as 
Cherine hung onto the mattress for dear life.  His massive prick 
again slammed home into her throbbing hole sending more of her 
sex juice down her thighs.  Cherine felt then what she thought 
was impossible - his cock was getting even bigger!  Captain's 
thrusts became faster and faster; the dog's enormous shaft 
expanding thicker and thicker at the base to seemingly join his 
prick with this bitch's cunt forever.  Cherine's orgasm was 
becoming unbearable.  Her cunt was spasming rapidly around the 
dog's invading cock.  Captain's saliva began dripping down her 
back and down her arms as he panted faster and faster with his 
oncoming climax.  His paws were almost hugging the breath from 
her lungs, while her pendulous breasts swung back and forth in 
concert with Captain's impassioned thrusts.
     Cherine then reached back between her legs to feel the dog's 
thrusting prick.  She felt the huge veins and thick shaft divide 
her sticky fingers with each fucking motion of the massive dog.  
Faster and faster the dog drove his mighty throbbing cock into 
the spasming wet hole of the wanton bitch.  Her ass rippled with 
his powerful thrusts; her belly stretched with each inward push 
of Captain's enormous mastiff.  Then Captain began to snort 
heavily as his orgasm became eminent.  His cock expanded even 
bigger to seal in the liquefied fuck juices that issued from his 
shaft.  Then the dog stiffened and began to shoot his hot cum 
into Cherine's tortured cunt.  Cherine's orgasm blew into final 
explosion as she felt the hot jets hit her womb and fill her 
pussy.  Captain came in massive blobs of sticky white dog sperm, 
quickly overflowing the woman's convulsing opening.  He thrusted 
his prick with lust crazed force to jam his hot semen into her 
uterus and impregnate his bitch.  Then suddenly Captain stopped.  
He would have to wait until his now engorged cock receded enough 
to pull it from her hole.  Cherine gasped for air and bathed in 
the glow of the most satisfying fuck she had ever had.  But it 
was not over yet.
     Cherine's over-ravished body slumped to the mattress.  She 
fell asleep almost immediately, while Captain layed on the other 
side of the room licking his huge cock clean of the residual 
evidence of Cherine's lubricating fluids.  Moment later after 
finishing, he suddenly got back up on the bed and began to lick 
Cherine's battered pussy once again.  She awakened from her 
restful stupor and realized what he was doing.  She tried to push 
his invading muzzle away, but it was to no avail.  His long wet 
tongue began to send sexual impulses through her body again, 
completely beyond her control.  She unconsciously began to 
undulate her curvaceous ass towards his lapping tongue, turning 
onto her belly once again.  Flat against the mattress, her 
buttocks were pressed together but still Captain managed to fully 
reach her entire crotch with his tongue.  His wetness slipped 
between her asscheeks to her puckered asshole and bathed it with 
his saliva. His drooling further lubricated the crack between her 
cheeks until the combined fluids of the dog's saliva and 
Cherine's cunt juices bathed her ass in wetness.  She began to 
raise her ass from the mattress to further expose her pussy to 
the dog's fervored licks.  But the exhaustion from the previous 
session left her in only a semi-awakened state.
     Captain once again mounted her in dog-typical fashion and 
began his entry preparation thrusts.  But Cherine was a bit low 
this time.  His huge cock was bumping against, not her sweet 
pussy, but her anal opening!  Suddenly with a fast and powerful 
thrust, Captain shoved half of his cock up Cherine's unsuspecting 
asshole!  Cherine's eyes popped open wide in surprise and part 
pain.  She tried to shake the sodomizing beast off, but Captain 
was too quick and was quickly shoving the remainder of his 
lubricated prick up her stretched asshole.  "Aaarrrghhh!" Cherine 
gasped as she felt his invading shaft pumping her colonic tube 
with bestial lust.  Captain was even more excited than before by 
this new tightened opening.  Again his cock began expanding in 
all dimensions, further stretching Cherine's ass to new limits.  
Cherine began to experience tingly pinpricks all around her hot 
and sticky crotch.  The pleasure/pain connection had been made.  
She reached back and tried to spread her asscheeks even further 
apart to allow Captain's massive prick to penetrate to deeper 
depths.  Then she let her hands drop to her dripping snatch to 
rub her now swollen clit and perhaps reach a more powerful 
orgasms than she had before.  Every thrust expanded Cherine's 
tight asshole and brought delicious pleasure.  She could feel his 
prick sliding in and out of her ass through the thin barrier in 
her wet cunt.  Cherine was actually being ass-fucked by a dog!
     Soon Captain began to heave and thrust heavily as his cum 
boiled up from his huge balls.  Cherine met each thrust with a 
thrust of her own.  She began to pant in synch with the dog's 
rapid breaths.  Then Cherine felt Captain's massive cock expand 
one more and blast forth its sperm into the depths of her heaving 
belly.  The feeling of cum filling up her asshole pushed her own 
orgasm over the brink as her sphincter muscles milked the sperm 
from the enormous shaft.  Cherine was in heaven as Captain's 
labored thrusts subsided.  His cock slowly shrank and popped out 
of Cherine's gorgeous ass with a final plop.  Captain returned to 
the living room rug, cleaned himself, and fell asleep.  Cherine 
felt both revulsion and excitement over what she had just 
experienced.  Animal unbridled lust was now part of her life and 
Cherine would never again be hesitant to explore the unknown.
