 AUTO SWAPPING

     Last summer my wife and I, on the way back to our home in the Southwest
from a vacation on the East Coast, had an experience that I would like to
share.
     I am 36 years old and stand six feet two inches tall. I have sandy hair 
with some gray in it, blue eyes, and a good build, but I'm not exaggeratedly
muscular. I am a habitual flirt, a habit that I acquired through a combination
of my wild life in the service and my sales career. My wife is 37. She's five
foot six, has brown hair, beautiful bluegreen eyes, and she's a knockout. She
is always catching men's eyes with her fantastic body, but she doesn't ever
seem to notice. We have been married 12 happy and sexually active years. We 
have, like most modern couples, considered swinging, but in the few situations
where we had an opportunity to do it, we found that it was the fantasy and not
the act that appealed to us. Besides, my wife's teaching career could be
jeopardized if we were discovered to be swingers.
     One very pretty afternoon we had been Driving on I-24 from Chattanooga to
Nashville, which is a beautiful drive. We were in our custom van, and my wife
was watching the river that runs alongside the interstate. As I passed by a 
Toronado, I heard her gasp! When I asked her what was wrong, she said that the
girl in the car was giving the guy a blowjob. As we talked about it and she 
told me how attractive they were, I decided to look for myself. She told me
not to embarrass them - if it were us, we wouldn't appreciate it. But being a
true voyeur, I ignored her objection and got into the right lane and slowed 
down slightly, causing the Toronado to change lanes to pass. As it pulled up
beside us, I matched their speed, and looking down into the car saw a
beautiful pair of legs in the passenger seat. The woman had on a skirt and the
position she was in allowed me to see all of her legs and just a trace of her 
lacy white panties. She was leaning over the driver's lap, doing an excellent
job on his dick. He had his pants down around his knees and was oblivious to 
anything but driving and sex. After a few seconds my wife's curiosity took 
control, and she got between our captain seats to look out my window too. She
remarked on what a nice dick he had and how sexy his legs were. We were 
entranced with what we were watching, and she instinctively rubbed my
now-hardening dick through my jogging pants. We must have been blocking 
traffic because our trance was broken by a horn from a truck behind us. The 
other couple immediately looked around and caught us staring. An embarrassing
situation was relaxed when they both smiled at us, straightened their clothes,
and drove on. We laughed and talked about how attractive they were and how 
sexy it had been. My wife, still beside my seat, took my dick out and gave me
a 20-mile blowjob while I reached down inside her pants and felt her hot cunt
juice flow over my hand.
     Just south of Nashville we pulled into a rest area so she could clean up,
and there was the white Toronado. I parked a ways off and opened a beer while 
my wife went to the ladies' room. She was in there a long time, and when she
came out she was laughing and talking to a beautiful girl in her mid-twenties.
about five foot two, slim, but with a nice round ass. Then I noticed the skirt
and realized it was the girl in the Toronado. The girl went to her car, and my
wife came back to the van. When she got in she said they were laughing because
they were there for the same reason. She discovered the girl was from Colorado
and was also a teacher. She asked if I would mind if she asked the couple to 
share a joint with us. I certainly didn't and pulled the van over by their car.
When they climbed in, I was speechless at how cute this girl was. We exchanged
first names and my wife rolled a joint. As we smoked and chatted, I noticed
my wife paying an unusual amount of attention to the guy - a 26 year old law
student who could be Burt Reynolds's kid brother in looks and personality. I
couldn't be too critical, though, because I couldn't take my eyes off the
little doll sitting across from me with her legs propped under her on the 
seat - exposing again those lacy white panties.
     We must have spent two hours at that rest area smoking, drinking, and 
flirting. The conversation centered on sex, after talking about how sexy it 
had been watching them before and what it had led us to do.
     They had the same negative feelings that we had about swap clubs and
swinging with acquaintances; but it seemed we all enjoyed this totally 
unplanned encounter. Knowing it would be unlikely that we would meet again,
and with the pot having loosened us up a bit, we were thoroughly enjoying the
moment. I noticed it was getting dark and we all needed to get back on the 
road. I leaned over to kiss the little sweetheart good-bye. When our lips met,
she put her arms around my neck and her tongue in my mouth. With this I lost 
my senses and kissed her far longer than I knew I should have. Afterward I
looked to my wife, expecting a reprimanding look, only to see her kissing the
young man. I looked back at his wife, who had the same thoughts about him, and
we laughed with relief. Our spouses regained their composure and laughed with
us, all understanding everybody else's feelings.
     Then the husband asked which way we were headed. I said that in Nashville
we were going west on I-40. He said that they, too, were going west to Memphis.
Then he suggested that maybe if every one agreed, we could switch passengers
for a ways and continue this a little further. We all immediately agreed and
together made some rules. What we all agreed to was that he and my wife would
take a ten minute start and we would both set our cruise controls on 55, so
there would be no way to see what the other couple was doing. We agreed not to
stop but to set our odometers for 100 miles and pull over and change our wives
back. We could do whatever we wanted while driving and afterward would not ask
questions. We gave only first names and afterward would only have memories.
     As the Toronado pulled away, the girl and I talked for the ten minutes
and she confided in me that she had hoped something like this would happen.
She said that she loves adventure and that this was the most interesting 
situation that she had ever experienced. I kissed her and held her close, once
more enjoying her firm body next to mine. I reached around to feel her ass 
under her skirt, but she stopped me, reminding me of the rules. By now the ten
minutes were almost up, and she asked if I would mind stripping before we
started. I took my clothes off and got behind the wheel and in no time was on 
the interstate with the cruise control set. She put a nice tape in the
cassette player and moved to the back of the van and, as I watched in the
mirror, began to undress.
     She first took off her skirt, finally revealing completely her beautiful
ass in those panties. She then took off her shirt. To my delight, her tits,
which I knew were not large, were as perfectly full and rounded as her ass.
As I watched, she took her nipples between her fingers and worked them to full
erection. They were about a half-inch in diameter and honestly a full inch 
long. Seeing my reaction, she came forward and knelt beside my chair and, with
her tongue touching my ear, asked if I would like to suck them as much as she
wanted them sucked. I simply nodded yes, and she said that she would steer the
van and for me to lay back and enjoy myself.
     She leaned across and took the steering wheel, which placed her tits in my
face. The nipples were very hard and tasted absolutely great. As I took one 
entire breast into my mouth, I could feel that nipple on the back of my
throat. I instinctively swallowed and felt my throat take hold of it and 
release. It was an accidental discovery, but when she went wild, I continued
as though I had intended it. I moved from one to the other, sucking,
swallowing, and fondling those wonderful tits for quite some time. I then
reached down behind her and felt that full, firm ass. As I rubbed her ass,
she arched it upward, allowing my fingers to move to her cunt, which to my
delight had already soaked her panties. With her still steering the van, I
slipped out of the chair, and she got in the chair on her knees and leaned
against the steering wheel. I realized that this was not the safest maneuver,
but at the moment it didn't matter.
     I slipped her panties down her legs and off. Now we were both completely
naked, and I took a long time feeling and admiring her beautiful body. While
pinching her fantastic nipples, I ran my tongue down the small of her back and 
licked her. Her skin was so soft and sweet. I took one hand off her nipple and
reached between her legs and felt her swelling clitoris. She responded by 
rubbing her cunt against my fingers. I ran my tongue down to her waiting
vagina. As I slipped my tongue into her, l felt her convulse slightly. I asked
if she was able to continue driving, and she assured me there was not much
traffic and she could handle it.
     I once again began to tongue-fuck her while holding her nipple and 
clitoris. I continued this for several minutes until she said she was losing
control and traffic was picking up. I stopped, and we switched back to me
driving. We were entering Nashville, and for the 15 to 20 minutes it took to
get back out on I-40 West, she worked on my nipples with her teeth while 
rubbing my balls and jacking off my dick. It seemed an eternity until we were
once more on the dark highway. As soon as we were, she got up, and with my chair
swiveled where I could see to the left and steer, she climbed up and straddled
the chair. She put her tongue in my right ear and whispered that she needed to
come. At that she lowered herself onto my hard dick. She was wet and slid 
easily down the length of me until I was buried inside her. She felt
magnificent, but I knew I must not lose control. As she fucked me I felt her
tight cunt grip me. It didn't take very long for her to reach her orgasm. When
she was completely through, we switched positions and she sat on the edge of
the chair and drove while I took my time fucking this gorgeous young lady.
     When I finally unloaded in her, we fondled each other a while and noticed
the odometer was at 92. We dressed, kissed, then saw the white Toronado ahead
on the shoulder and pulled up behind it. She winked and smiled, then went to
her car. When my wife climbed into the van, we had a moment of awkward
silence. But when I asked if she had enjoyed herself, and smiled and said that
I had very much, she smiled and said she had, too. We laughed, and she said
jokingly that all they did was talk. I winked and agreed that they had been 
great conversationalists. She rolled another joint, and we continued our trip.
We made several stops that night and tested the van springs each time.


