SOME NEW VARIATIONS
 
Chapter One

My wife and I have been married for 15 
years and recently we had begun 
experimenting with some light bondage.  
I would tie her hands and feet, 
blindfold her and tease her for 
awhile.  I would then release one of 
her hands and allow her to masturbate 
to orgasm while she sucked my cock.  
At this point, I would usually untie 
her and fuck her.  

Initially, we played this scene only  
occasionally, but as time went on, the 
bondage scenes were occurring more and 
more frequently. At first the light 
bondage sessions satisfied my 
curiosity, but as time went on, it 
just wasn't enough.  I wanted more.  I 
wanted a real master/slave experience. 
The bondage scenes we were playing at 
that time were very innocent. I would 
tie her up and tease her, make her 
horny and then untie her whenever she 
asked me and then we would make love. 

Don't get me wrong, I wasn't 
dissatisfied with our sex life.  Even 
after 15 years of marriage my wife is 
still the sexiest woman I know and her 
body turns me on just as much as it 
did when we were first married.  

Let me describe my wife, she is 38 
years old (she looks 25), about 5'7" 
and weighs 110 pounds.  She has 
shoulder length brown hair, a slender 
build with small but firm tits.  She 
has long legs and the most beautiful 
ass I have ever seen on any woman.  I 
love to watch her masturbate.  There 
is something so incredibly erotic 
watching her fondle and caress each 
part of her body as she makes love to 
herself.  

She likes to come laying on her side 
with her legs closed while she rubs 
her pussy with hand.  I love to watch 
the way her ass moves as she rubs her 
pussy.  I especially love to watch 
those beautiful ass cheeks as she 
brings herself to orgasm. 

As good as our sex life was,  I still 
started to develop more than a  
passing interest in master/slave type 
sex scenes with light bondage and 
discipline.  After reading some B&D 
stories I had downloaded from a BBS, I 
started fantasizing about my wife and 
I playing out variations of some 
scenes in the stories.  I decided that 
the time had come to turn these 
fantasies in reality. 

Chapter Two

I had taken that Friday off from work 
and spent the good part of Friday 
afternoon preparing for that night's 
activities.  In addition to borrowing 
a friend's video camera so that I 
could record the night's activities,  
I went to an adult bookstore and 
purchased a set of handcuffs, a dildo 
(that was about the same size as my 
dick) and a black lace teddy for her 
to wear.  

I spent the rest of the day watching 
the 2 hour video tape of some of our 
previous sex sessions (I love this 
tape because it is primarily of her 
masturbating, with a couple of scenes 
of her sucking my dick and me fucking 
her in various positions).  I even 
went so far as to write a script that 
detailed exactly what I was going to 
say and do to her that night.  I got 
so horny writing the script and 
watching the video, I had to 
masturbate twice.


That night after dinner, I told her to 
take a bath and put on the outfit I 
had laid out for her on the bed.  
While she was doing this,  I set up 
the video camera on a tripod across 
from the couch in the  living room and 
set it to record.  I then brought out 
the new handcuffs and the new dildo 
and, in addition, a soft vibrator and 
the leather wrist and ankle straps we 
had from previous scenes. I sat on the 
couch and waited for her to finish her 
bath. 

My dick was becoming extremely hard 
thinking about what I was going to do 
to her when she walked into the living 
room.  She looked so beautiful in her 
new outfit. I stood up and put my arms 
around her and told her how beautiful 
she looked and how much I love her and 
just as she started to tell me how 
much she loved me, I turned her around 
and very quickly and had her hands 
handcuffed behind her back.  At last 
she was mine to command.

I sat down on the couch and put her 
across my legs in the traditional 
spanking position and pulled the 
bottom part of the teddy up and in 
between her ass cheeks so that her ass 
was bare.  I started to spank her ass 
with my hand using firm strokes and 
alternating from one cheek to the 
other.  With each stroke her body 
shook as she tried to struggle free.  
Her ass cheeks were becoming redder 
and redder with each blow.  

I said, "I don't think you have been 
taking our master/slave relationship 
very seriously", as I started to 
increase the intensity of each spank.   
"You must understand that you are my 
slave and you will do everything I 
tell you to do, immediately and 
without hesitation or you will be 
punished".  I then smacked each of her 
ass cheeks very hard to let her know 
that I wasn't kidding.

"Do you understand?", I said.  She 
said, "Yes, I understand".  After 
caressing and fondling her ass for 
several minutes, I gently slid her off 
my lap and placed her in a kneeling 
position next to the couch. Without 
saying a word, I stood up then kneeled 
down behind her. I then placed a 
blindfold over her eyes and tied 
behind her head. I can't tell you what 
a turn-on to see my beautiful wife, on 
her knees, blindfolded and handcuffed. 

I gently pulled the top of the teddy 
away from her breasts to expose her 
nipples.  I touched them and found 
them to be rock hard.  She obviously 
was just as excited as I was.  From 
her knelling position I sat her on the 
couch facing me and fastened a leather 
belt around her waist.  This belt has 
rings on either side that attach to 
the leather wrist bands to allow 
restricted movement of the arms.
 
I then moved her off the couch into a 
kneeling position and fastened a 
leather wrist band to each of her 
wrists.  I then attached her wrist 
bands to the rings on either side of 
the waistband and removed the 
handcuffs.  Still on her knees, I 
fastened a leather ankle band to each 
ankle.

What a fantastic site!  My slave 
kneeling before me, blindfolded, with 
her arms bound at her sides with a 
short chain attached to both of her 
leather ankle bands.  I couldn't 
believe that one of my greatest 
fantasy was coming true.  Still saying 
nothing, I stood her on her feet and 
started to fondle her breasts and 
pinch her nipples.  I then unsnapped 
the teddy from between her legs, 
helped her to her knees with her 
fantastic ass facing the video camera.  

I wanted some good shoots of her ass 
for the video, so I made her pose in 
this position while I worked the 
camera.  I zoomed in on that 
beautiful, luscious ass. I then had 
moved her so that she was laying on 
her stomach face down on the floor and 
began to kiss and fondle her  ass.  I 
put a pillow under head and then gave 
each of her ass cheeks several hard 
slaps just to remind her what would 
happen if my commands were not obeyed.  

Placing the soft rubber vibrator 
between her legs and underneath her 
pussy, I commanded, "You will rub your 
clit on this vibrator until you come.  
I want to see your ass moving at all 
times.  If you stop you will be 
punished". I gave each of her ass 
cheeks one very hard slap to make sure 
she understood.

I sat next to her for a minute or so, 
as she began to rub her clitoris 
against the pulsating vibrator, to 
make sure that she would be punished 
very quickly if she didn't obey.  I 
then moved behind the video camera and 
removed it from the tripod and began 
to photograph her from different parts 
of the room.

I was finding it very difficult to 
concentrate completely on the video 
camera because I was so excited at the 
sight of my wife laying face down on 
her stomach with her legs spread and 
her ass moving up and down as she was 
grinding her pussy against that 
vibrator.  
I couldn't take it any longer, I put 
the camera back on the tripod, took 
off my pants and positioned myself so 
that I could put my cock in her mouth. 
"Suck it", I said as slid my cock in 
her mouth.  I love to watch my cock 
slid in and out of her mouth as she 
makes love to it. I slowly started to 
fuck her mouth as she was rubbing her 
pussy against the vibrator.  I was so 
turned on and on the verge of coming I 
had to stop fucking her mouth. I went 
back to the camera, removed it from 
the tripod and started to shoot her 
from various angles.  

At one point, as I was laying on the 
floor behind her and photographing her 
at ass level, I told her to spread her 
legs wider. Because of the chain 
attached to her ankle bands, the only 
way for her to open her legs any 
farther was to raise her ankles 
straight up while bending her knees.  
This position allowed me to get some 
great close-up shoots of her clit and 
pussy lips rubbing against the 
vibrator.   

I decided I wanted to see her in some 
different positions so I began to put 
her in several different positions.  I 
also allowed her to hold the vibrator 
in her hand while she rubbed her 
pussy.  I will not detail all of the 
various positions, the reader can use 
his imagination with respect to the 
fact that she was completely under my 
control and would assume any position 
that my perverted little mind could 
conceive.

I allowed her to come with her hand 
rubbing her pussy while she was laying 
on her back on the couch with her legs 
open. Her entire body shivered and 
convulsed as she frantically rubbed 
her pussy, her orgasm lasted for 
several minutes. All of this captured 
for posterity thanks to modern video 
technology.

Chapter Three

Now it was time for the main course.  
Early that day I had mounted the new 
dildo on small wooden platform that 
held the dildo straight up and raised 
it about a foot from the ground.  I 
removed the leather waist band and 
teddy from her so that she was 
completely naked except for the 
blindfold, wrist and ankle bands.

I moved her to the middle of the room 
and helped her to her knees.  I placed 
the dildo between her legs and under 
her pussy and said "put this in your 
pussy and fuck it.  Show me how much 
you like to have your pussy fucked".  
She guided the dildo into her pussy 
and leaned forward with her hands on 
the floor. 

I moved behind the camera and started 
to zoom in on the action, however, the 
sight of my wife's beautiful ass 
moving up and down with the dildo 
sliding in and out of her pussy was so 
exciting I almost exploded without 
even rubbing my cock.  

I photographed her from various angles 
as she fucked her pussy with the 
dildo.  When I watch one sequence of 
shots of her riding the dildo, I can 
only say that it can only be compared 
to a religious experience.  It's a 
shot of her ass from behind (with the 
camera at the same level as her ass) 
with the dildo sliding all the way in 
and out of her pussy (I've watched 
this sequence fifty times and my cock 
still get just as hard as it did that 
night).

I couldn't stand it any longer, I told 
her to stand up and rub her pussy.  I 
then stood behind her and started to 
fuck her from behind.  When we both 
came, we ended up sitting on the couch 
with her laying on top of me, with her 
legs together, rubbing her pussy, 
while my cock was in her pussy.

I am planning to shoot another dildo 
scene (enhanced version) this week.  
The next  installment describing our 
erotic adventures will be forthcoming 
upon completion of this epic 
adventure.





            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
            ³    ÖÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·   ³
            ³    º D  I  S  K   J  O  C  K  E  Y   B  B  S º   ³
            ³    ÓÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½   ³
            ³            Ms-Dos - Amiga - Macintosh            ³
            ³       Plenty of Lines - Tons of Disk Space       ³
            ³     Tens-of-Thousands of Files - Adult Areas     ³
            ³           *Free Access to All Users*             ³
            ³                                                  ³
            ³               (503)636-4947 Nú1ú8                ³
            ³                                                  ³
            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ