Archive-name: First/angie2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Angela - 2


     When I woke, the light was already softening; evening was hurrying. 
I knew exactly where I was and who I was holding and I was starting to 
have second thoughts about this whole situation. I was, after all, 
laying in my bed with my (re-stiffening) cock buried in a 12-year-old. 
She was still nestled, spoon-style in my arms and one horny hand was 
cupping her small, left tit. The other arm held her from beneath.
     I  looked at her face in profile and realized just how beautiful 
she really was -- and how young. Not a young woman, not kid-young -- 
somehow, child-like. Her face was so innocent in repose! Yet I couldn't 
feel like a defiler. She'd enjoyed -- no, she'd craved and enjoyed -- 
what she'd done with me, and she slept the sleep of satiation.
     Something in the way her incredibly long, thick lashes slumbered 
against the lingering baby-fat of her cheek made  her  seem  more
vulnerable than any human could possibly be. Twelve. I tried to remember 
what my mindset had been in my twelfth year. JFK's assassination was a 
year in the future. The Mets still played in the Polo Grounds, while 
Mantle and Maris were cranking out homers with awesome regularity the 
year after Roger took the Babe's record. Only a fortunate few had ever 
heard of Dr. King. Stephen King had not yet dreamed of word processors. 
Subway tokens cost fifteen cents. Cars had anal and dorsal  fins.
Porterhouse steak was 89 cents a pound. There was no crack, no AIDS, no 
Uzi's being toted by myopic 14-year-old kids in Bushwick. No Saddam, no 
Ayatollah and the Beatles hadn't hit, yet. No Viet Nam. I hadn't taken a 
life, yet.
     Twelve. Innocent. Whacking off in the bathroom to Miss November. 
Drooling over Carol's knobs. (That's what we called them.) Copping a 
feel on the back of the arm by brushing against a girl's boob -- that 
was our idea of sexuality at twelve. 
     I looked at that vulnerable, sleeping, trusting and lusting young 
woman-child-girl making a sound that might have qualified as a snore if 
"snore" weren't such a loud, harsh word compared with her soft, sweet 
sound, and I suddenly understood what had provided the mysterious super-
vitamins or hormones that had enabled our -- hers, mine, your  --
ancestors to render extinct the auroch -- the 14-foot-tall saber-toothed 
cave bear -- 50,000 years before the invention of the Winchester: I 
would never let anyone, anything, anywhere harm her. In any way. Even if 
the offender killed me, I would come back from the pit of Hell to go 
after the mofo again. And again. As necessary. The auroch had threatened 
such as her; the auroch is no more.
     Now I understood.
     As I stared at her, she stirred, lusciously, in my arms. Her eyes 
were briefly unfocused, then her gaze betrayed uncertainty -- but never 
fear. Here I was, almost three decades older than her, my history-
ignorant cock locked inside her, and she was still trusting.
     Bring on them aurochs -- and light a candle for the suckers.
     "Hi," she whispered.
     "Howdyafeel?"
     The eyelashes brushed the cheeks again, then fluttered butterfly-
lovely up. "Exhausted, wonderful, happy, safe...loved?"
     I kissed the nearest eyelid. "In a very real way, but not in the 
let's-get-married-way."
     She laughed lightly, more than a giggle and less than a guffaw. "No 
kidding." The eyes de-focused for a moment, then: "It feels good having 
you still inside me." She pulled the boob-cupping hand close, then 
ducked her young, innocent face down and kissed it. "I used to... 
masturbate imagining what it would be like. You know what my favorite 
part of the fantasy was?"
     "Waking up, cuddled."
     "Cuddled," she confimred, snuggling herself deeper into the cradle 
of my arms. "Is it always like this?"
     "It should be."
     She hugged me inside her. "I want to do this again -- lots!"
     "But it will never be the same as the first time."
     She pondered that, "After waiting and dreaming and thinking about 
it for so long... No. Never the same. Wanna hear something funny?"
     "You're hungry?"
     "How'd you guess?"
     "Ummm...I am, too?" I nibbled lightly on her shoulder. Her nipple, 
already hardening, was suddenly rigid in my palm and her cunt squeezed 
me.
     "You feel so big and hard inside me...and getting bigger and 
harder." Her breathing was becoming very shallow and her eyes half-
closed. 
     I moved my hips a little, pushing my dick deeper into her tight 
little pussy. She sighed deeply and shivered slightly in my arms. When I 
slowly pulled back, the tight fit created a suction. I slid my hand down 
lower and lightly rubbed her clit and she began grunting and shaking and 
rolling her lithe, young hips around.
     I rolled her onto her stomach. She arched her taut, round young ass 
up at me, maintaining her pussy-lock on me. I was on all four's above 
her, my thighs outside hers, my elbows outside her shoulders -- keeping 
my weight completely off her. I began pumping slowly in and out of her 
-- and then suddenly drove into her as deeply as I could. With her legs 
together as they were, her narrow cunt was even tighter. When she came, 
it tightened still more and seemed bent on milking my cock. She was 
tossing her head from side to side on her neck, her hair flying as she 
sobbed into the pillow and pushed her little ass up all the  more
urgently at my cock.
     Suddenly, I pulled out of her. She was still cumming as I rolled 
her onto her back. I took her ankles in my hands and raised and parted 
her legs. Her eyes were crazed and her lovely face, half-covered by her 
totally disheveled hair, was contorted with pleasure. Her nipples looked 
ready to burst, they were so swollen. I shifted my grip lower and rolled 
her back onto her shoulders, then jacked both hands under her. I dropped 
flat on the bed with my face between her upturned legs and fastened my 
mouth on her still-quivering pussy.
     The effect was cataclysmic. As soon as my tongue hit her hugely 
engorged clitoris, she let loose a shrill whine so high-pitched I feared 
for the glassware in the house. Her juicy pussy clenched so tightly that 
she began to expel the brew of our mutual sauces right into my mouth -- 
not exactly spurts, but a steady oozing. I didn't mind the taste of 
semen (my own, fresh, that is) but her cunt wine was so delicious that I 
just wanted to drink her dry. If she could ever run dry.
     Her climax was so strong that I didn't even mind the interruption 
of her velvet-vice little cunt on my achingly hard dick. This was just 
too tasty to pass up -- not to mention that she was cumming so hard, it 
was very possible I was going to shoot off out of sympathy, sort of a 
"contact cum," I guess.
     After a few minutes of this, I could tell from her movements that 
it was becoming a bit uncomfortable to be rolled into a 12-year-old ball 
of orgasm. I lowered her tiny ass to the bed and crawled up to hold her 
again. She shivered as if she were cold and kept jerking against me, 
abrupt half-doubling-up movements. One of these brought her thighs 
against my cock and her eyes widened slightly.
     "You didn't get over," she breathed. Her voice was raspy.
     "Not yet. There's time for that. I just wanted to enjoy making you 
cum like that -- "
     "I want to make you cum, too, with my mouth," she clutched me and 
began kissing my chest and shoulders.
     "You might not like the taste of your juices mixed with mine."
     "You didn't mind -- "
     I was about to tell her how much I enjoyed it but she was too quick 
for me. She reached down, sank a finger into her cunt -- hissing softly 
at the penetration -- and then put the sticky, slippery finger into her 
mouth. I almost came at the sight of this lovely ninth-grader sucking a 
finger covered with my cum and her pussy sauce into those soft, full 
lips.
     "Tastes...kind of sharp and sweet." She smiled at me seductively 
and did a decent job of it, too. "I could get to like it."
     She pushed at my shoulder till I got the message and rolled onto my 
back. The dick stuck almost straight up, throbbing in time with my 
pulse. And anticipation, no doubt.
     She slithered down over me. We were both pretty well coated with 
perspiration and other Slippery Excretions. The sensation of her lithe, 
tautly curved, fresh young body sliding over me was exquisite. So were 
the little kisses and the way she swiped with her tongue.
     She positioned herself straddling my right leg with her face at 
dick level. I suggested she turn around so we could do each other.
     "Another time." She kissed my thigh, right near the crease. "I want 
to concentrate my first time doing this. What should I do?" She gripped 
the base of my dick with her small hand and squeezed. I groaned. She 
knew it was pleasure. She smiled and tossed her hair back with  a
rambunctious move of her head.
     "Kiss and lick it," I managed to breath. "And whenever you're 
ready, just kind of slip it into you mouth -- suck it in the way you 
would suck in a piece of spaghetti."
     She tinkled at that. "Some piece of spaghetti!" she intoned in a 
false-basso voice. 
     Then she turned her head at an angle, leaned forward and kissed the 
side of my cock. She did it again and then again, moving up and down the 
length. She tried variations, letting the tip of her tongue part her 
lips and twirl lightly against my dick, and or doing little lip-nibbles 
along the underside.
     I could feel her juice running out of her pussy, onto my leg. I 
could feel one nipple spiking into my thigh. I knew she was as excited 
by this as I was. Well, maybe not as excited as I was, but it was 
certainly turning her on.
     I asked anyhow.
     "I like how hard and hot it feels and I really like the way it kind 
of jumps and jerks when I make it feel good."
     Then she raised her head and kissed my glans. Her lips opened 
slightly and her tongue began moving slowly on the sensitive flesh. Her 
eyelids were slowly closing and her little ass moved as she shifted her 
hips, restless. She very, very slowly pushed more of it into her mouth, 
sucking very hard all the way. I felt like my balls were going to melt 
or explode or shatter. She took about three inches before she reached 
her limit, then slowly sucked her way back off. She let the knob come 
out of her mouth with an audible *pop* before looking up at me.
     Her face was a study in lust.
     "Am I doing good?"
     I reached down and caressed her face. She turned her mouth to kiss 
my palm, then looked back into my eyes.
     "Angie," I said, and was surprised at how rusty my voice sounded. 
"Angie, take this as it is meant -- you may be the best, sweetest, 
natural-born cocksucker in history. I'm no teenager -- hell, I'll be 
thirty-four this year --- just came very hard in you less than an hour 
ago and you damn near made me cum in your mouth the first time you 
sucked me. Are you sure you never did this before?"
     She smiled. "I'd probably have noticed."
     "Enjoying it?"
     Her eyes slowly closed and then reopened, halfway. "I love it. I 
wish I could swallow it all."
     My dick throbbed at that.
     "Don't even try it yet. You'll gag."
     "I know." She seemed to resent it. She leaned forward and I watched 
her lick the tip of my dick. I almost screamed at the sensation. 
     She said, "When you get ov-- when you cum, what should I do? I 
mean, I hear it's better if I keep it in my mouth, but should I just 
suck, or suck up and down or jerk on you or what?"
     "Anything, everything. Whatever you like. It'll feel great to me."
     She smiled again, a cat-ate-the-canary smile. "I wanna suck you 
dry," she murmured and returned her mouth to my cock. She did what she'd 
done before, but this time she didn't release my dick on the upstroke. 
Instead, she suddenly began bobbing her head, sucking furiously and 
noisily. Then she slowed the movements. Then she lip-nibbled my glans 
and all around the little scar tissue left over from circumcision. Then 
she returned to the rapid bobbing-suck, this time moving her head around 
into different angles.
     When she reached up with one hand to lightly cup my balls, it was 
Game Time.
     "Oh, geez, yeah, I'm --- AAAAAhhhhhh!" Or something intelligent 
like that.
     As soon as she heard me and felt my cock swelling, Angie took me to 
her limit again. Her lips tightened and I could see her baby-fat cheeks 
concave as she sucked, literally sucked, the cum out of my cock.
     I thought my entire genital area had melted. I felt an incredibly 
wonderful numbness spreading in my balls as the first long spurt surged 
into her mouth. I was totally limp otherwise, incapable of movement.
     Then she swallowed noisily and sucked for more. She got it. The 
second shot was even stronger than the first and the pleasure was more 
intense. I swear, my balls were jerking so tightly I thought they were 
going to burrow back into my abdomen. Then she swallowed again and 
sucked for still more.
     There was more. I fired again and thought I could hear her making 
an "Mmmmm" noise as I flooded her little mouth. With the hand on my dick 
she jerked down toward my abdomen, hard and demanding. She swallowed and 
kept sucking and jerking. I must have shot off four or five more times, 
with diminishing quantity, before she finally got the last of it. My 
cock was softening in her mouth and she used it as an opportunity to get 
more cock in her mouth. She used her tongue to dandle it, flipping my 
dick back and around -- and still sucking.
     I felt as if I had never cum before in my life. It was like that 
first great orgasm, totally overwhelming. I was still buzzing from the 
pleasure when I managed to mumble, "C'mere."
     She slithered quickly back up to me. She looked a little unsure at 
first, but then pressed her spermy lips to mine. I pulled her tighter to 
me and we kissed wetly and passionately. I could feel  her  torso
undulating against me and ran my hand down her slim back, over the 
precious narrowness of her hips, across the impossibly hard, tiny mounds 
of her ass and let Badfinger rest on her cunt. I reached a little 
farther and found her clit and Bang! -- just like that, she came, 
writhing as she kissed me.
     When she finally relented and nuzzled into my neck, she whispered, 
"I did pretty good, huh?"
     "Honey, I don't think I've ever been sucked better. That was one of 
the best orgasms of my life. And you know what made it even better?"
     "Um-um," she um-umed into my neck.
     "I could tell you were enjoying it."
     She pulled her head back and looked at me. "I really did. I liked 
feeling you move, so hard and thick and all in my mouth and the way you 
swelled up even more and then I could tell how good it felt for you when 
I was sucking you down and the way your stuff just fired into my mouth 
-- oooo!"
     I wondered if she was going to cum again.
     "How'd you like the taste?"
     She made a face. "That, I'm not crazy about. Or really, the..."
     "Consistency?"
     She brightened. "Yeah! If it was thicker or thinner, but just in 
between..." Then she looked worried. "I don't mean to  hurt  your
feelings!"
     "Don't worry about it."
     "Really, the taste wasn't bad, just the consistency. Kind of salty, 
though."
     "When a guy cums a couple of times in a row, the first one is going 
to be thicker."
     "Oh, yeah?" And I could almost hear her turning that one over in 
her head: So, the next time, suck him off first, and then fuck him.
     She snuggled down against me again, then suddenly bobbed up. "And 
it made me so hot! I almost wish we could do it again right away, you 
know, you inside me."
     "I need a little recovery time."
     "Me, too." She snuggled down again, then the head came right back 
up. "You know Leslie, my friend, the really pretty blonde?"
     "Just to say hello; I know who she is." And who she was. Leslie was 
this cute, slender 13-year-old who, in the last six months, had either 
been taking Huge Tit pills or who had divided a melon and had the halves 
grafted to her chest.
     "Well, Leslie, you know, does it with her boyfriend and the way she 
talks, it's like this chore you have to do to get a boyfriend who has a 
car. Hell, this is fun!"
     "I like to hope so."
     "I should tell her what it's like to make it with a man, not some 
kid and she'd -- "
     "Cripes, Angie, don't even think about it. Do you have any idea 
what would happen to me?"
     "You'd get in trouble, right?"
     "I'd be killed." 
     She frowned.
     "You are twelve years old. I would go to jail for statutory rape, 
at best. I'd be known as a baby-raper -- inside, they call it 'short 
eyes.' I would be killed by the other convicts. Killed ugly. Very ugly. 
Angie, you can kill me -- if you tell anyone."
     She looked truly concerned. "You mean it, don't you? It really scares 
you?"
     I nodded.
     "Even though I wanted you to do it? You'd still -- "
     I nodded again.
     "That's nuts."
     I kissed her forehead. "You are a very, very rare young woman. You 
are smart, poised, wise and mature beyond your years. Way beyond. And I 
know you're a loving and trustworthy person. And I still hesitated 
before coming in here to make love with you, even though I was so hot for 
your sexy body so much that my balls hurt. If you were Leslie -- "
     "With her big tits."
     "Yours are perfect. If you were Leslie with her big tits,  I
wouldn't have let her in the door. I might have loaned her the books, 
but I wouldn't so much as shaken her hand. You're very different and very 
special."
     She made a face. "Yeah, like if Leslie came up here and said she 
wanted you to, uh, fuck her brains out, you'd turn her down."
     "I'd slam the door in her face."
     She stared at me. Then: "You really mean it."
     "I'm trusting you, which I don't do much, and I'm trusting you with 
my life, which I pretty much never do. Yes, I damn well mean it."
     She kissed my face, all over, dozens of times, and whispered, "I 
would never, ever, do anything that would even take the littlest chance 
of hurting you in the smallest way. Never."
     I hugged her to me, because she'd just said what I already knew. We 
cuddled like that, all entangled, for a long time. After a little of it, 
I felt her breath slow and her little body relax and fit itself to mine. 
I was lightly caressing her and marveling at her loveliness and tiny 
perfection, when I dozed off, too.
     But not for long.

--
