                            Babysitting Discovery
                                   Part 6
                               Mitchell Knight

        Christmas day came and went in a fairly typical manner.  The only
differences were that we were in a warm climate, and my family was
spending this special holiday with the Wallaces.
        I received lots of great presents.  The Wallaces gave me a
babysitting bonus which they'd done for me last year also.  That was nice,
but the only real bonus I wanted was another night alone with Steve.
        It was decided that we would go to Disneyworld the next day.  My
little sister had been bugging my parents to go there ever since we'd
arrived.  I looked forward to going there also, but I knew I would miss
the day spent in the house or no the beach since that was when Steve and I
had last had the opportunity to get together.
        The sound of the shower, coming from the bathroom Nick and I
shared, woke me that morning.  I got up and entered the bathroom.  It was
fairly warm in there and a light mist was forming on the mirror.
        Pulling my half-hard cock from my jockeys, I relieved my bladder. 
Once I was finished, I went to the shower curtain and pulled it aside a
bit to stick my head in (reminiscent of what Steve had done to me.)  Nick
was facing that end of the shower with his back to the water.  His crotch
was a soapy mass with only his engorged cock head peeking through as his
hands worked away on his erection.
        "Hey, Nick.  Looks like you're havin' fun," I said.
        "I am.  Come in," he said.
        My cock slowly stiffened within my shorts at this suggestion.  I
was feeling really horny after having just woken up, so I was only too
happy to jump in the shower with him.
        After slipping out of my jockeys, I hopped in and closed the
curtain behind me.  My hand reached out and replaced his on his slippery
erection.  I stroked him for a while until he started playing with my cock.
        "Hold on, let me get wet," I said.
        I walked under the nozzle and let the water coat my body.  Then I
soaped up my crotch as Nick had done and we got into some pretty intense
jerking off.  Nick came a few times during this, but it wasn't working for me.
        As I continued to stroke his cock and slide the loose skin up and
down, I wondered what it would feel like to have Nick's erection up my
butt.  Steve said he couldn't do it to me, but I wondered how Nick's would
feel.  He was much smaller, so maybe his would be okay.  I also remembered
that Steve had come while I was in his ass, so maybe I could come that way
too.
        "Nick, I want you to try something," I said.
        "What?" he asked.
        I grabbed the soap and rubbed a good lather into my crack as I
explained what I wanted.  Nick was fairly agreeable.
        Once it felt slippery enough, I turned around and bent over, my
ass directly in front of Nick.  I spread my cheeks for his little hard
cock and waited in this position as his cock lined up. 
        His first thrust was good.  I had made a good target.  The head of
his cock slid in easily but then got caught in the unyielding muscle band.
        "Push a little," I urged as I tried to get some control over those
muscles in my anus.
        Through a combination of both our efforts, he slid his erection
all the way in.  I could feel his hairless pubis against my butt.  It felt
good having his dick in me, even better than my finger.
        "Okay, now push in and out," I told him.  "Be careful not to slip out."
        He followed these instructions perfectly.  I grabbed my cock and
began pumping on it fast and furious.  The whole experience felt so good.
        I went wild as I felt my orgasm approach.  I shoved my ass against
Nick to hurry his thrusting and my hand moved in a blur on my soapy
erection.  With a low moan I came, spurting semen straight down the drain
to be quickly washed away by the water.
        "Thanks," I told Nick as he slipped out.  I turned and hugged him.
        We finished the shower and then got out and dressed for our trip
to Disneyworld.  The day was a lot of fun.  We all really enjoyed ourselves.
        Sometime during the day it was decided that the Wallaces and my
parents would go out to the bar that night.  The Wallaces asked me to
babysit and my parents asked me too, but I wouldn't be earning any money
from my parents.
        That night Nick, my sister, and I were playing a board game after
our parents left when someone knocked at the front door.  I answered it
and found out that it was Aaron, the boy from next door.
        Aaron and Nick had met on the first day and had gotten along well
since they were fairly close in age.  Aaron was thirteen with red hair and
cute freckles dotting his face.  He didn't have the fair complexion most
red heads have which allowed him to tan, and his skin was fairly dark from
being out in the sun.
        Nick asked Aaron to join us which he did.  After playing for a
while, I had to take my sister up to bed.  As I was waiting for her to get
ready for bed, Nick and Aaron came upstairs.  They went to Nick's room.
        Once my sister was asleep, I went back downstairs and watched TV. 
I hadn't gotten very far into the program when Nick came down, his face a
little flushed.
        "Hey, Alex, do you want to fool around?" he asked.
        "Huh?" I asked although I had a pretty good idea what he meant.
        "Like this morning.  You know," Nick insisted.
        "But Aaron's here."
        "That's okay.  He said he fools around with his cousin sometimes. 
He wants to see your dick."
        'Cool!' I thought.  I wouldn't mind seeing his either.  I knew he
was older than Nick, so I hoped he had some hair around his cock.  I was
really curious as to what color his pubic hair would be if he had any.
        Nick and I ran upstairs, both of us eager to begin the show.  When
we entered the room, I saw Aaron laying on the bed with his shirt off. 
Only the bedside lamp was on, casting light over his sleek, defined chest.
        I went to the bed and ran my hand over his chest, pausing to tweak
a nipple.  I put my hand on his crotch and could feel a distinct bulge there.
        "Can I take off your clothes?" Aaron asked in a low voice.  I
heard his tongue click audibly in his mouth as he spoke.  He was nervous. 
This excited me even more.  My cock was pushing at the confines of my
clothing.
        "Sure," I answered.
        He removed my shirt and then pulled down my shorts.  He paused at
my briefs, looking up at me.
        "Go ahead," I urged.
        Eagerly he pulled them down, catching my erection in the process. 
It snapped free, slapping my abdomen on the rebound.  I was really hard. 
I wanted to see this kid's cock.
        Nick and Aaron both started playing with my erection in the light
from the lamp as I stood naked before them.  While they pleasured my penis
with their feather touches, I pulled off Aaron's socks.
        "Okay, it's Nick's turn now," I announced.  I really wanted to see
Aaron's cock, hoping he had hair, but I also wanted to postpone the
inevitable, so I could relish the anticipation.
        Aaron and I both stripped Nick who began playing with his four
inch hard on once he was naked.  I knelt before Nick and swirled my tongue
around the head of his cock before I got up again to concentrate on Aaron.
        At my urging, he laid down on the bed.  I slowly undid his shorts
and pulled these down his tan legs which were lightly coated with reddish
blond hairs.  Then I put my nose in his crotch, taking in the odor of
laundry detergent, coconut oil, and his own scent: a sweet, milky odor.
        I put a hand on either side of his waist and slowly drew down his
undershorts, careful not to catch his erection in the elastic.  My eyes
were fixed on the flesh that I slowly revealed.
        The white flesh, that he obviously covered when in the sun, was
soon broken by a small collection of rust hairs at the base of his penis. 
I pulled off his undershorts and then quickly returned to these.
        There were only a few of them, but I loved them all.  They weren't
very long, and they were straight and silky to the touch.  I ran my hand
over these silky pubic hairs and then ran my fingers over the length of
his erection which was only a little smaller than mine.
        "I put my dick in his butt," Nick told Aaron then, grinning.
        "Yeah, me and my cousin did that once," Aaron answered.
        "Do you want to do it now?" I asked.
        "No, it kinda hurt."
        I nodded and brought my mouth down on the head of his cock.  I
sucked at just the tip before moving down his length.  I removed my mouth
and sucked in each of his hairless balls.
        "Hey, Nick, help me out here," I said.  "Lick his nuts."
        Nick joined us on the bed and went to work, lightly flicking
Aaron's ball sack with his little tongue.  I went to work on giving Aaron
a great blow job.
        As we licked and sucked, I continued to stroke his silky rust
pubic hair.  As Aaron was about to come, I removed my mouth and finished
him off by hand.  His come splattered across his belly and chest.  I
licked off the semen that dribbled onto my hand.  Nick quickly lapped off
the semen on Aaron's body.
        "My turn," I announced.
        We repositioned ourselves with me in Aaron's spot.  The two boys
eagerly started in on their task.  I watched as Aaron's red head bobbed up
and down on my cock.  Nick licked at my balls.  Aaron had a number of
tricks including slipping his tongue into the slit at the end of my penis.
        With all this activity I felt myself begin to come.
        "Nick, stick your finger in my hole," I gasped.
        His little finger immediately wormed its way into my anus.  With
this I came, shooting into Aaron's willing mouth.  He swallowed it all
without any problems.
        "Wow, you were really good," I told him.
        "Thanks.  My cousin taught me," Aaron answered.
        "How old's your cousin?"
        "Fifteen."
        'I wouldn't mind meeting his cousin,' I thought.





