


                        The Adventures of Andy
                                By
                              ^TYPO^


Standard Disclamer:If you don't what I mean. Then you should not be reading
this.

The following story is about the sexual adventures of a young boy as he
finds out about sex. If you don't Like stories about kids haveing sex then
don't read this. Constructive Comments all ways welcome. You can post your
comments to a.s.s.d or e-mail me at andre@patrol.i-way.co.uk. This is my
first attempt at a story


                        Chapter 1 The Beginning 

    
    I all ways thought, I was just a normal boy. But I was about to find
out. I was not normal at all. By name is Andy by the way. My first strange
experience occurred one hot summer day, when I, My sister Lisa and Mom
where out shopping. She said that if he was a good boy, she would get him
that new computer game he had been wanting for ages. They walked around
town for most of the morning buying new clothes for Lisa. I was so bored by
this as they went form one girls clothes shop to another I nearly started
to complain.

    But the thought of not getting the game was enough to make me
reconsider. Finally it was time for lunch, We went to a local fast food
joint and had burgers, chips and a large soft drink each. After We had
finished, mom said "do either of you need the toilet as I have a lot to do
this afternoon. And I don't want to waste time looking somewhere for you to
go ". "I do" I said. "I don't" said Lisa. "Are you sure Lisa" said mom "you
know you have trouble holding on when you need to go" "I am not a BABY
anymore mom, I am almost 8" she said with a pout. "OK OK" smiled mom, then
me and mom went to find the toilets She was about to lead me in to the
ladies when I said "Mom i am almost 10, I can manage to use the men's room
by me self now". "OK" she smiled

    We spent an hour getting the household shopping. Then mom said "Since
you have been a good boy Andy, we can go to the computer shop" at last he
thought i have been waiting for this all day. When they got there I found
that the shop was having a special offer on the game I wanted. I rushed
over and grabbed the last copy on the shelf. For some unknown reason there
was a only one check-out open, so a large queue had formed. As they joined
the queue Lisa said "Mummy I need to pee" "can you hold on for a few
minutes while we get Andy his game" said mom "i think so" Lisa replied.
After they had been waiting for 10 Minutes and only 2 people had been
served. Lisa said "I really need to pee now, i can't hold on much longer"
As they where at least 10 people form the front Mom said "sorry Andy we
will have to go and find Lisa a toilet, we can come back afterwards for the
game" "BUT MOM IT'S THE LAST ONE" I complained "sorry we have to go I don't
won't Lisa to wet her self" she said and she put the game down and they
left the store with Andy moaning all the time. The toilets where on the
other side of the shopping centre As they reached them, Lisa said "I don't
need to go any more" "and why not" said mom "have you done it in your
knickers" and with that she lifted up the hem of Lisa short summer dress
like those worn by most little girls of her age (i.e. It ended a few inches
below her cute little bottom and you could sometime see her white panties
flashing form under) to see if Lisa panties where wet "MOM" Lisa said as
she went bright red "everyone can see my knickers" mom ignored Lisa pleas
and put her hand between Lisa legs to make sure she had not wet her self. I
stood and taunted her by saying "I can see your panties I can see your
panties" I was not normally like this but I was annoyed with Lisa for
making me leave the store with out the game I wanted. As I had been wanting
it for a long time

    When they got back to the store I look around for the game his mother
had put down but could not find it anywhere, he went and asked one of the
sales people if they had anymore "no they said we are out of stock and we
don't know when we are getting any more". Andy was now very angry with
Lisa. Mom said "well it time to go home", as they walk back to the car ,
mom met one of her friends and started chatting. After about 10 minutes
Lisa said "I need to pee again mom" mom turned and said "you will have to
wait i am talking to Jane now". Another 10 minutes went by and Lisa
repeated the request "Lisa i am not going to walk all the way to the
shopping centre and then have you tell me we don't want to go again. You
will just have to wait until we get home". With this Lisa wander over to
where I was looking in a store window and looked in to, I ignored her at
first but then noticed she was kept squeezing her thighs together and now
had hand jammed between them holding herself . "are you all right" I said
"No" she snapped "I NEED to pee BADLY" "Like last time I suppose" i replied
angrily. "NO I REALLY NEED to go this time, I don't think i can hold on
much longer, and you know how mad mom gets if I wet my self" "YUP" I
grinned "it's not funny" Lisa said. But suddenly the thought of Lisa
wetting her self was to me very funny indeed, And the fact that is was in
public was revenge on her for making me miss buying the game i wanted. I
had heard of people sending thoughts to each other and i often made believe
i could. So just for a laugh i looked at Lisa and thought to her "You can't
hold on anymore you have to pee now!" over and over again. I was surprised
when she suddenly stood very still with her legs apart and turned very red.
I looked down and saw a wet spot on the ground that grew bigger and bigger.
I looked up a bit and saw it was raining between my sister legs. The drops
turned in to a steady stream and the puddle got bigger and bigger."Wow" I
thought "I wonder if I caused that, Nah. making people do things by sending
thoughts to them only works on TV or the movies doesn't it". Lisa stood
there and wet her self for about 30 seconds but it seemed a lot longer.
Lisa was still dripping when mom came over and said "sorry i took so long
but i had not seen Jane in years" then she noticed the puddle under Lisa.
"I am very sorry mum" Lisa said meekly "but suddenly i could not hold it
any longer" "I am very disappointed with you Lisa, I try and treat you like
a big girl and then you go and wet you self like a baby". With this Lisa
burst out crying "I'm sorry mummy" she sobbed "I'm sorry" "Well I had
better clean you up now" mom said, she then took some tissues out of her
handbag and started to wipe the pee off Lisa's legs, after that she held up
Lisa's dress and took off her soaking wet panties. I watched transfixed as
i saw Lisa naked from the waist down for the first time. You may thing that
this was strange but there was very strict rules about nudity in our house
so i had never seen a girl naked before. I look at where Lisa had been
holding her self earlier and was amazed at what i saw. There where two
puffy mounds of pink flesh with a little slit between them. As mom wiped
Lisa there i saw it was a deeper pink in the slit. Then mom turned around
and saw me staring at Lisa "Stop that at once" she said "and go and throw
this in the bin" she was holding out Lisa sopping wet knickers in front of
her. "MOM" cried Lisa "i can't walk around town with no knickers on" "well
you should of thought of that before you wet you self" replied mom "well
Andy don't just stand there go and throw them away". So I did, i walked
behind Lisa on the way back to the car park and caught glimpses of her
little bottom when the wind blew she dress up. "That was fun" I thought "I
wonder if I really did had something to do with it, i hope so, because then
i might be able to see Lisa naked again".


                        Chapter 2 Andy Meets Cindy


    When we got back home mom told Lisa to go upstairs ,shower and put some
clean knickers on. I watched Lisa climb the stairs so i could look up her
dress and see her bottom again, I then ran up the stairs after her. She had
not closed her bedroom door all the way so i peaked in and saw her standing
naked in her room. She grabbed a towel and went into her bathroom. I saw
that she had not closed the bathroom door properly and was about to sneak
in and peak at her in the shower when I heard mum coming up stairs, so
went in to my room and then stuck my head out when i heard mom reach the
top of the stairs "can i go next door and see Mike please" "OK" she said
"But be back for dinner". Mike was my new best friend. He and his family
had moved in next door about a month ago. He also had a crush on my sister
and would of given anything to see her naked. He was going to be so jealous
that i had seen her naked. Mike had a twin sister called Cindy who Mike
said had a crush on me but who I had paid almost no attention to so far
because i thought girls where silly and just stood in the corner giggled,
but after the incident with Lisa I had changed my mind about girls. 

    When I went next door to see Mike. I found Cindy in the kitchen and she
told me Mike was out "OK" I said "But I really came to see you" "REALLY?"
she said surprised "But I didn't think you liked me" "I do" I replied "I
was just shy" "Oh Goody" she smiled "I like you to, Do you want to go for a
swim" "Love to" I replied. When we had changed and got in the pool I
noticed that Cindy was wearing a bikini and that she had two small mounds
on her chest that where barely covered by her top. I could not help staring
at them. Cindy saw me and said "why are staring at me? Haven't you seen
breasts before" "NO" i said "You must of seen your mum's?" she asked "No" I
replied "We have very strict rules about nudity in our house" "Weird" she
replied amazed "Would you like to see mine?" she asked with a naughty look
"Yes" I stammered. So she untied her top and took it off, I came closer for
a better look. Her breasts where the size of half grapefruits and had
things that stuck out of the middle of them. "What are they" I asked
pointed to the things on her breasts. "Nipples" she replied. I just had to
touch them, so I reached up and started to caress her left breast and
nipple. She was so surprised, she just stood there giving out little sighs.
Her breast felt so soft and smooth. I started to caress the other one too.
"MMMMMM thats nice" she said "Don't stop" "are you kidding" I thought "I
would not stop this unless someone killed me". I then felt her hand move
down my chest towards my penis. Which she then started to caress. "It's
nice and hard" she said "Let go somewhere more private shall we?" I just
nodded, I was beyond speech.

    So we went to the bottom of the garden where we climbed up in to a
treehouse Cindy and her brother had made. "This is much more private" she
said "so would you like to see rest of me?" "I would like that very much" I
managed to say "OK" she replied "But you will have to take off your trunks
too" At this point i would of done almost anything to see more of Cindy, so
i took off my trunks and then looked at Cindy, she was standing there in
all her glory, as i got closer for a better look, I saw that she had a
light coating of blond fuzz down there  "Wow" I said " you have hair down
there, when I saw Lisa down there this afternoon it was bare" "How did you
see Lisa's pussy?" she asked "Pussy??? what's that" I replied. "You really
don't know anything about girls do you?" she laughed "it's what down here
is called" and she pointed between at the two puffy mounds of pink flesh
with the slit in that had so captivated me when I seen Lisa's. "Oh" I said
and then told her what had happened that afternoon. "Well now I need to pee
" said Cindy "But i can't be bothered to go back to the house" and looked
around the treehouse, she then spotted a plastic bowl that she and a friend
had used that morning for some food and said "I can use that instead" I
looked at her in shock and said "your kidding right" "No" she replied "why
should I go all the way up to the house and use the toilet, when I can stay
here and use this, besides if I went up to the house it would take me about
10-15 minutes to get back and I would have to get dressed again, you don't
wont me to do that do you?" I just looked at her and shook my head. "Good"
she replied "if you are going to watch me pee I want to watch you pee too"
I nodded to over come to speak. With that she put her legs either side of
the bowl and squatted over it. I then saw a stream of yellow water coming
out of her pussy and splashing into the bowel. The stream went on for
about 30 seconds and then started to decrease until it was just drops
falling from her pussy. She went to the window and grabbed a leaf and wiped
her pussy with it and put in the bowl "your turn" she said with a wicked
grin on her face.

    "I can't" i replied "I'm too hard". "I know to solve that problem" she
answered with a naughty look. She then came and sat between my knees with
her legs apart and over my hips. She then reached down and started to play
with my penis. "MMMMM that feels good" I sighed. I started to caress her
breasts and nipples again. She made a fist around my penis and started to
move it up and down. "Would you lick and suck my breasts please" she asked.
So i leaned forward and started to lick and suck on her little girl
breasts. Her nipples got bigger and harder as I sucked and licked them.
"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH" she moaned "That feels wonderful". Her fist move
quicker and quicker around my erect penis. I was starting to feel funny. My
hands wandered down her chest and between her legs to see what her pussy
felt like. It felt soft and warm and WET "UUUUGGGG" I said loudly "you
pussy is all wet, you peed on me!!" "No silly" she replied "My pussy gets
wet when i am aroused, it helps the boy get his penis into me" "INTO YOU" I
asked amazed "WHERE" "Into my pussy of course silly, Don't you know
anything?" she replied "My parents don't think I am old enough to know
about sex yet" I said meekly "Oh dear poor you, well I will have to teach
you all about sex then won't I" she replied with a wicked grin. She had
been when I later found out was called masturbating, me all time we where
talking. Suddenly I felt very funny, but very nice, I grunted and felt my
penis explode and start shooting out something which i could not see
because my eyes where closed, But when i opened then I saw then Cindy's
breasts where covered with milky white stuff that was running down her
chest. "WOW THAT FELT GREAT, what happened" i finally managed to said. I
looked down and saw my penis had shrunk back to it normal size. "What's
that stuff all over you" i asked "What happened was you had a orgasm, and
the stuff is called cum and it cums out of your penis when you have an
orgasm" she replied with a smile "so do you think you can pee now". So I
knelt next to the bowl and add my pee to hers while she watched.


Stay tunned for part 2 of the Adventures of Andy cumming soon