Archive-name: Bestial/asc-2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Animal Sex Circus - 3


He said: "Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. In a moment you 
will witness sights so depraved that they will shock you to your 
very core . . . sights you have never before seen . . . acts of 
lust and sex that only you, as privileged guests, are permitted 
to witness. For those of you with cameras you may take pictures 
if you wish. There is no extra charge . . ."

The Sex Circus began. One teen-age girl and three teen-age boys 
skipped onto the stage all four of them stark naked. The girl 
was about sixteen years old and well-developed, with long, slim 
legs and breasts and buttocks that begged for male hands. She 
had a very thick bush of pubic hair. The boys were about the 
same age, except one, who couldn't have been more than twelve 
years old; yet his penis was rather large for his age, and under 
a full flag of erection.

The teen-agers got on the bed and got right to work. One of the 
boys lay on his back and the girl she was blonde got on top of 
him, working his organ into her vagina. Another boy got behind 
her and began pushing his organ into her vulva. With two male 
organs in her, her vagina was stretched to its limit.

Still, there was more. For as the girl began the movement of 
coitus in her 'woman-on-top' position, and the boy on top of her 
began his movements on her, the third boy, the one around twelve 
years of age, knelt on the bed in front of the threesome, his 
knees on either side of the head of the boy who was on his back, 
and offered his stiff penis to the red lips of the girl. She 
began licking the glans even his testicles, and it was obvious 
that he was sexually excited. He kept trying to push it in her 
mouth, but she wanted to lick and kiss it first. Finally she 
permitted him to shove it, full force, into her mouth. She 
braced herself with her hands flat on the bed while she pounded 
with her pelvic region the boy underneath her, moving her hips 
so furiously that numerous times his peter slipped out. He would 
hurriedly reinsert it. The boy kneeling in front of her kept 
moving his organ in and out of her mouth. If the four teen-agers 
were putting on an act, they were certainly good. From the way 
they moaned and groaned, I do think they were genuinely excited. 
I know the boy screwing the girl in the mouth had an orgasm. She 
gagged for an instant the moment he shot, and when he withdrew 
his wet and wilting organ, all of us could see the girl 
swallowing his sperm. He must have been very excited, putting 
into her mouth a very large amount of sexual cream, for some 
even dribbled from her lips.

Then "OHHHHHhhhhhhh! I'm coming!" the girl screamed and moved 
her hips rapidly. The boy underneath her sweating body had an 
orgasm about the same time. He moaned loudly, his eyes becoming 
glazed as he shot to sexual heights. The boy giving it to the 
girl dog-fashion (in the uenus aversa position) burst his nuts 
too . . . moaning with open mouth and going limp and slowly 
withdrawing from the fine young ass of the girl.

She turned languidly on her back, pleading in a loud voice, "One 
of you suck me. Come on eat it now!"

The twelve-year-old inched down the bed and crawled between her 
legs, burying his face in her wet, dripping hairs. The boy who 
had been jamming her dog-fashion slid underneath the child and 
mouthed his half-hard penis, sucking on it so hard we could see 
his cheeks going in and out from the force of suction.

The boy who had been underneath the girl played with his penis 
and soon it was like a small iron bar. He lowered himself to the 
face of the girl, she parted her lips, and his stiff penis slid 
in. Slowly, he began screwing her in the mouth. While she sucked 
and was sucked, she worked her forefinger in and out of the 
rectum of the boy fellating the twelve-year-old.

This sucking scene continued for perhaps ten minutes. Again . . 
. orgasm.

I should say that by this time many persons sitting in the 
audience, of both genders, were becoming sexually excited. Of 
course, the drinks lessened inhibitions. Both my wife and I were 
surprised at some of the indecent remarks we heard, particularly 
from people who looked to be models of decorum. One middle aged 
woman   she could have played the prudish old maid in some 
motion picture   laughed at one time and remarked, "That little 
son of a bitch really fucked her good in the mouth. I wonder how 
it tasted to her?"

The man with her laughed and took a quick nip from his pint 
bottle. "Well, you can taste my come when we get back to the 
hotel, if you want. I'll be glad to fuck you in your mouth, 
dear. Just ask." The wife I assume she was laughed.

The next act featured the Negress who had ushered us into the 
house, as well as a tall girl, about fifteen years of age, with 
orange-dyed hair, and four boys, from perhaps sixteen to 
eighteen years of age. First, the boys came on the stage, stark 
naked, followed by the two girls, fully dressed in street 
clothes, complete with silk stockings and high heels. Slowly, 
grinning and with lewd comments, the boys began undressing the 
two girls.

"Ah . . . look at those fine tits," as the bra of the Negress 
was removed.

"What a fine ass," and off came the panties of the girl with the 
orange hair. "And a fine cunt, too, just waiting for our 
peters."

"Or a tongue!"

Men and women in the audience began taking pictures as the Negro 
girl knelt on the floor in front of one of the boys. The youth 
had a big hard, and, placing both hands on the back of her fuzzy 
head, moved his instrument back and forth across her half-parted 
lips. She cooed with halfI~.losed eves as the moist ~lans 
stroked her mouth.

By God! I think that nigger slut can't wait to suck that dick," 
a man said drunkenly, rather loudly. "Come on, boy, slam it in 
her mouth!"

The Negress opened her mouth, then pounced upon the erect penis, 
as if to devour it. Smiling, the boy began moving his hips, 
pushing his penis in and out of the girl's mouth, and she sucked 
it eagerly, her eyes closed.

Two other boys moved in behind the kneeling Negress, each 
placing his penis in one of her armpits. They began pumping her 
in this manner, while she held her arms tightly to her sides, 
assuring a tight fit for their organs. This seemed to Marie and 
me a rather weird way to enjoy sex, but I suppose they enjoyed 
it.

However, I must confess that Marie and I were intrigued by the 
armpit act, and we tried it later. She said she didn't 
particularly enjoy it, but I did, as long as she kept her arm 
tight. But she said it was "messy" when I   when the sperm 
filled her armpit. We didn't try it again.

The fourth boy placed himself on his back behind the boy who was 
pumping the Negress in her mouth, his penis standing erect like 
a tiny flag pole. The orange-haired girl calmly mounted his 
mouth and he began what's the technical term for it? He began 
performing cunnilingus on her. As he sucked away on her by the 
way, her pubic hair was black she reached around and began 
masturbating him vigorously. We could see the head popping in 
and out of the foreskin as she jerked him. And as she did this, 
she buried her face in the buttocks of the boy standing in front 
of her, her head moving perpendicularly as she licked his round, 
red eye. Of the six in action, the boy who was masturbated shot 
first  half a dozen creamed spurts that rose at least six 
inches, falling back on the boy.

The sex show progressed. The boys paired off into couples and 
did a 69. So did the two girls, the Negress on top. The girl 
with orange hair put on a dildo and had face-to-face lesbian 
intercourse with the Negress.

The Negress, on her knees, held on to the head of the bed, while 
two of the boys laughingly pulled apart the plush twin mounds of 
her buttocks, revealing to the world her anus. Orange-Hair ran 
off the stage and quickly returned with a small jar of what we 
all assumed to be vaseline. She dipped a forefinger into the 
jar, removed it and slipped it into the anus of the Negress, 
moving her finger back and forth, greasing the orifice, 
preparing it for action . . .

One of the boys took his place behind the Negress and with the 
two boys still spreading the cheeks of her buttocks, he began 
forcing his male tool into her prepared anus . . . twisting 
first one way and then another, while at the same time, the girl 
moved her hips, helping and doing all she could to assist entry.

You could hear a pin drop I tell you as all of us watched that 
boy forcing his penis into the rectum of the girl. At last it 
was all the way in   I mean flush   and he began to fu  I mean, 
he began the movements of anal intercourse, the black gal 
holding onto the bedboard for support, every now and then 
grunting as a result of a hard jab.

"Lawdy, lawdy," the Negress gasped at one part of the 
proceedings, "that big ole joy-jabber is gonna push my insides 
clean outta place oh! UG! OH!!"

"I'd like to fuck that black ass of hers," a man close to us 
whispered.

The boys took their turns riding her rump and so did the other 
girl, using a dildo and pumping her just as viciously as the 
boys had.

What I call Act Number Three was totally and completely 
unexpected, in spite of what we had already seen. A teen-age boy 
and girl the boy about eighteen and the girl about sixteen   
came out and undressed each other. They got on the bed and did a 
69. Then the boy screwed her, both in the normal manner and via 
her rectum; then she licked real completely his butt-hole, and 
he licked hers.

We did a double take when an old man ambled slowly into the room 
and stepped, with effort, onto the stage. He was at least 
seventy, white-haired, and with skin the color of flour. His 
penis was shrivelled and, well, it just hung there, tired-like, 
as if it had seen better days, and no doubt it had.

Walking as if his bones were hinged with rusty wire, the oldster 
creaked onto the bed and, like a dying fish, flopped over on his 
skinny back. Quickly, the boy crawled over his face and, 
grinning like an imp, shoved his large phallus into the 
toothless mouth of the old guy.

The girl immediately began playing with the old man's wrinkled 
weenie, flopping it back and forth, pinching it between thumb 
and forefinger   doing her best, applying every trick she knew, 
to emote him into erection. But his sex organ remained as soggy 
as last month's cigar.

"Come on, Grandpa" she laughed. "Get hard! How can you fuck my 
young cunt with a limp rag?"

The old boy couldn't. Finally, the girl began fellatio, giving 
the organ little nips and love bites. But that didn't help 
either.

The old man, later, muttering to himself (frankly, I think he 
was senile) staggered from the room. He was replaced on the 
stage by an old woman (about the same age as the old man; her 
hair was stringy, snow white, and her breasts were thin. flabby 
and with big flat nipples the color of vamish. Her skin was the 
gray color of a corpse and glistened as she practically fell on 
the bed.

First the boy took her coitus per vagina; then girl, using a 
dildo. And be damned if the old has-been didn't make an effort 
to move her hips! She actually enjoyed it! You could tell that! 
As a climax to the act, the old girl performed fellatio on the 
boy as he sat on the edge of the bed. The girl held his phallus, 
as the old dame sucked it methodically.

I suppose the grand finale to the entire sex show was the 
'animal act.' After all, it was a 'circus!' (Dr. Dextrineholtz 
laughed loudly at this point in his story. ) However, I do feel 
it was poor taste to include animals with teen-agers. After all, 
they were only kids.

After the bed was removed from the stage, two boys brought in a 
sort of ramp with steps. We wondered what it would be used for.

A boy led a hog onto the stage. It was a two hundred-fifty 
pounder, at least, and grunted every now and then   a rather 
vicious-looking beast, black in color, with little eyes and a 
long snout. My wife, who was a hillbilly from Southern Illinois, 
told me it was a 'lard-type' hog and called a 'Poland-China.' 
But I wasn't interested in any United Nations at the moment and 
neither was anyone else at the time.

The boy led the hog up the steps of the ramp. And the animal 
just stood there, looking around, not the least bit frightened. 
The boy stood there holding the rope, the end of which was 
around the hog's neck.

Another boy, who had been fellated into erection by the Negress 
offstage, walked up behind the animal. His penis was just at the 
right height, the same level as the back of the hog.

Easily, but slowly, the boy shoved his penis into the vagina of 
the sow and began screwing the animal, his hands grasping her 
sides. She glanced around, grunted, and the boy pounded away, 
panting and grunting, too! He enjoyed it and so did the sow.

I heard a woman say, "Now I've seen everything  those filthy 
perverts!"

My wife and I stared. The rest of the audience stared.

"Oh!" the teen-ager yelled. "Oh, sow baby, I'm coming!" Whether 
or not the sow did is a moot question.

And before the show was over, fiue other boys screwed that sow!

And when they were finished the Negress satisfied the animal and 
maybe herself with cunnilingus! I am still wondering why one of 
the girls didn't use a dildo on the sow! They sure used it 
enough on each other   the little whores. I wonder how kids can 
sink so low! So young, too!

But if you think sex with a sow was something out of this world 
. . . well the orange-haired bitch bounced on the stage with a 
snake coiled on her arm. Uh-huh, that's what I said a snake! It 
was about three feet long, a sort of greenish-brown in color and 
it had a sort of flat head. Its tongue flicked in and out real 
fast. I know the snake wasn't poisonous, not from the way Orangy 
handled it she wasn't the least bit afraid of it. And do you 
know what she did with that reptile?

She stood with her legs far apart and put the head of the 
reptile right into her snatch  stuck in the snake at least three 
or four inches! She'd move it in and out three or four times and 
now and then leave it in for a couple of seconds and how she'd 
giggle!

I guess the tongue of the snake did this to her, because she 
said, "OH SATAN BABY, YOUR TONGUE!"

Then she'd do it all over again in and out . . . pause . . . in 
and out . . . pause.

Every now and then she'd stroke the back of the reptile's head. 
We assumed this gesture kept the snake gentle and cooperative. 
She let the snake have intercourse with her   I wonder if that's 
the right word to use in this case   for ten minutes or so. It 
certainly was a wild thing to see. My wife watched, fascinated, 
and I noticed that all the other women in the audience seemed to 
be spell-bound by the sight of that snake moving in and out the 
vulva of the girl.

Well, at least I could say I had seen a girl fuck  I mean screw 
herself with a snake!

Two airedale dogs and an Irish setter were led onto the stage, 
their tongues hanging out, as they glanced at the audience. And 
I know damn well that those dogs were trained for their 
performances.


--
