Archive-name: Bondage/aejn.txt
Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth (C)
Archive-title: Segment - AEJ N


     After this binding was accomplished by whom Stacy supposed was the 
assistant, he looped a length of the thin cord about the necks of both 
Stacy and Katrina and tied them together.  The he tied a longer cord to 
the rope that joined their throats. 
     "Vengan!"  he ordered, and then enforced his order before Stacy and 
Katrina had a willing chance to comply by pulling tautly on the rope, 
using it as a throttle to compel them toward his desired destination, in 
the same general direction as they had taken Fernando. 
     Fernando was the last thought from Stacy's mind at the present.  As 
she stumbled down the jungle road, she tried to look over at Katrina, 
being pulled along beside her with her own hands tied tightly behind her 
back, but Katrina, too, was paralyzed with fear, and was afraid to look 
over at her fellow captor for fear of reprimand from her captors. 
     After several hundred yards, and after a bend in the road, the 
quartet approached an army jeep.  One of the men took a knife and cut 
the cord that joined their throats, and allowed the noose around their 
necks, and the cord attached dangle as a handle.  The elegantly clad 
Stacy and the simply clad Katrina were helped in, with Stacy in the back 
seat and Katrina in the front seat.  The man who had done the tight 
tying drove, and the man with the gun took the back seat with Stacy.  
The girls' ankles were tightly lashed together in a crossed position, in 
a manner that any excess movement would cause pain, but they were not 
gagged. 
     With their bound hands and tied legs and no seatbelts, Stacy and 
Katrina found it difficult to maintain their balance in the open roofed 
jeep.  They each feared that they might be thrown from the speeding jeep 
while rounding a turn.  They were driven for mile after mile.  The 
mountain wind blew against their faces and through their hair.  Their 
captors were silent.  In the back seat, the man who sat with Stacy kept 
a respectful distance from her, and in fact even once steadied her by 
holding her elbow as the jeep rounded a particularly dangerous curve.  
The driver was too busy with the mountain road to bother much with the 
tied Katrina, who had to cope the best she could, by turning her legs 
toward the driver, and sitting sideways with her bound hands toward the 
outside of the jeep. 
     They approached the top of one of the many small mountains, smaller 
cousins of the great Rocky Mountains further north, and Stacy and 
Katrina both saw a city below with lights over a wide area. 
     The driver stopped the car.  The man in the backseat pulled a ball 
gag out of his bag and pulled Stacy over by forming a ponytail of 
Stacy's hair with his hand and pulling her over.  He was rather rough 
with her, although she showed no signs of non-compliance, and he lifted 
the ball up to her mouth.  She opened wide to receive it, and he placed 
it behind her teeth.  He then pulled both the leather straps around her 
head and buckled them under her hair.  Then he handed a gag to the 
driver to affix on Katrina.  Knowing she had no choice, she leaned over 
toward him with her mouth open.  He strapped the gag around her face and 
buckled the strap under her long dark hair.  Katrina gnawed on the gag 
to adjust it in her mouth. 
     The jeep slowly started and began driving at a slow speed through 
the outskirts of the city.  There were not many people on the street, 
and those that were did not really seem concerned about the four figures 
on the jeep.  If they had been able to see that the two girls were 
thoroughly trussed up and gagged, they did not so indicate, either out 
of fear or indifference. 
     They pulled up to a warehouse-type of building, and the two men got 
out and went inside, leaving their two prisoners in the jeep.  Katrina 
looked back at Stacy desperately, and Stacy returned her panicked 
glance, but thus trussed, there was nothing that either of them could 
do.  The street appeared deserted, and they could not have called out 
even if there were anyone on the street.  A few feeble attempts to move 
to a position where she could get at Katrina's wrist bonds left Stacy 
with sore wrists and ankles, frustrated, and breathing heavily through 
her nose over her mouth-filling black ball gag. 
     Katrina tried to say something in Spanish through her gag, and 
Stacy tried to say "What," but even if they were not gagged, they could 
not effectively communicate with each other, and since they were, they 
could not effectively communicate with any potential rescuers. 
     Three men came out of the warehouse, different from the men who had 
taken them in the wilderness and delivered them so effectively 
restrained.  One man, reaching into the backseat, grabbed Stacy roughly 
and with quick hands and evaluated the manner in which she had been 
trussed up.  Seeing that her legs were tied, he pulled out a knife, and 
expertly cut the thin cords that had been knotted so many times around 
and between her ankles.  He pulled her from the jeep, and seeing that a 
thin cord hung as a convenient handle from her throat, he wrapped the 
cord around his fist as a throttle.  Katrina was subjected to much the 
same procedure, and the two were lead into the warehouse. 
     As the prisoners were lead through the building, business-like 
office hallways gave way to cavernous darkness, and then to a dingy 
small storage area.  They were taken through a door, and both Katrina 
and Stacy were shocked and terrified to see a space of prison cells.  
They could not tell how many, but there were more than five, there maybe 
were ten or more.  
     As they were lead past, Stacy caught a glance of another young 
woman, with long dark hair, in an evening gown, with black kid leather 
gloves, lying hogtied and sobbing wildly on the floor of a cell.  She 
imagined that this unfortunate woman had been taken at some formal 
affair.  An evening of glamour had become for her a lifetime of hopeless 
bondage.  Wanting to stop and see, she turned her head and was rewarded 
by a stinging tug on the thin cord tied to her neck. 
     Both women, in their bonds, were photographed.  First they were 
photographed with their gags in place, then the gags were removed, and 
they photographed without them.  About twenty pictures were taken of 
each woman, from different angles, with close ups and full body shots. 

--
