			APPLE OF MY EYE
		    


Stretching lazily, the early morning sun streaming through the east
window, tracing a shadow pattern that illuminates the pale white-blond
hair of the boy sleeping peacefully beside me, curled protectively,
clutching the sheets to his chest, I cannot help but want him, my
morning erection jumping happily under the sheets as he turns his back
to me, a soft sigh of contentment slipping past his full, sensuous
lips, half-parted in heavy dream-less sleep.

I touch myself under the covers, feel my cock dance stiffly at the
prospect of plundering this magnificent creature's ass, knowing I must
have him this morning, as I have nearly every morning for the past two
years.  Rolling onto my side, nestling my hairy naked body against his
smooth pale flesh I perch on one elbow, brush his hair away from his
face, nuzzling the smooth line of his jaw, so unlike the rough pitted
stubbly surface that puberty will soon turn it into.  He moves
restlessly, rolling away from my touch, not quite wakening and I reach
back to grab the bottle of mineral oil from the nightstand; there is
no need to use a condom with this young child, he hasn't been with
anyone but me, and I have not shared another man's body fluid since my
own uncle introduced me to the exquisite delight of the forbidden
coupling of man and boy.  I prefer oil to the man-made chemicals, it
doesn't dry out or leave a sticky residue though I know from
experience that oil will have a laxative effect on the recipient of my
attentions; it is an inconvenience that we have both accustomed
ourselves to.

I pour some oil into my hand and I touch myself again, now clutching
my hard, stiff penis, stroking lazily, sliding the foreskin back to
rub the oil into the ridge below the helmet of my cock.  Clutching my
balls now swollen with lust, I press my thumb against the eye of my
penis, a small ritual I always perform, as if by placing my thumb
there I've somehow given notice to my sperm that they are to wait
until I give the word before they come rushing out.

And still my boy sleeps, the sun warming the sheets draped carelessly
over his slim frame.  I roll on my side placing my rigid pole at the
cleft of his buttocks, perfectly smooth, pale pink buttocks.  I reach
over him as I press insistently, driving myself between his cheeks I
clutch an oily hand at his small flaccid prick, manipulating it to
life.

He rouses as his anus dilates to allow my prick entry into his depths;
barely awake a low moan escapes his lips and he thrusts his hips back
towards my groin as I drive myself up into his slim young body, my
testes feel as if they will burst from the sheer pleasure of the
moment and I clutch his stiff young cock, yanking it slowly,
sensuously, as he thrusts hips backward, demanding that I *fuck* him.

Pulling him against my chest the top of his head falls a few inches
below my chin and lying on my side, one arm stretched above my head I
begin to slowly move my cock in and out of his pale skinny buttocks,
rubbing my early morning stubble along his silky white mane, I whisper
softly.

"feel me in you."

I grind slowly, opening him gently on the in-stroke, pulling
ever-so-gently out again only to drive more deeply into him with each
successive thrust, my hairy groin a sharp contrast to his smooth
nakedness.  He moans, his small cock impossibly hard in my hand, his
little testes jerking in their sack, eager for a release they know
only in theory.  He moans, a small guttural moan, humping back eagerly
at the cock he has known so intimately for the past two years, and I
become more excited as his lust increases, knowing that this fragile
young beauty, the fruit of my beloved sister's loins, is as eager for
my cock as I am for his ass.

I lean up on an elbow, still clutching his little dancing prick, and
with my lips I nuzzle and nip at the soft nape of his neck; he moans
in ecstasy and I can stand it no more; my cock still buried in his
backside I roll him so he is face down and I am kneeling over his
prone form stabbing into him as he moans loudly, gasping at me to fuck
him harder

"Oh... Uncle, please... harder"

Breathy child-sized gasps of pleasure hiss from his lungs as I press
him against the bedclothes, driving deep into his hot clutching anus
over and over and over again I no longer am making love, I am
*fucking* him, with an animal lust I pound the length of my prick in
and out of his magnificent, doll-like buttocks as he gasps and
clutches at the bed-clothes his small, light frame buffeted back and
forth by the penis worrying his ass.

My testicles expand, explode.  It is over.

Milky fluid spews forth from the end of my cock and I fill the boy
with my seed as I hump franticly and then more slowly, gently.  I have
never understood some mens' desire to ejaculate on their partner's
surface; I will send the boy off to school filled with my seed,
feeling it in his rectum like a small warm enema, a reminder that of
our secret passion.

It is still early, there is time for a leisurely shower and breakfast
before I must leave for work and he to catch the schoolbus.

I slip from within him, to lie on my back as he rolls over to nestle
beneath my armpit, reaching out a small delicate hand to stroke my
limp penis that so recently plundered his depths.

"I came."  he whispers against my chest.  I raise myself to look at
the small wet spot on his belly where a tiny bit of juvenile semen has
spilled from his cock.

I rub my hand in the spot of cum and smile at him, kiss him
sensuously, not minding the early morning taste as I thrust my tongue
wetly into his waiting mouth.  We linger for a moment, our naked
bodies intertwined as we grope each other in the afterglow of a
particularly nice fuck.

"You know," I tell him, "this means that soon, you'll be seducing
other boys, perhaps even girls, and have no time for me anymore."

He move to protest but I placed a gentle finger against his lips.  I
smile sadly, knowing that the end of our relationship is indeed fast
approaching.  As puberty, hair, a deepening voice, pimples overtake
this beautiful boy I will rapidly lose interest.  Necessity will
compel me to find another to replace him, but I needn't worry him with
these details just yet.

He smiles uncertainly at me and we rise to begin the mundane
requirements of our daily lives.
