Aubry,
    You seem to be a horny computerist's dream COME true!  If only the world
were different, we could meet and DO the things we talk about.  Ah well, if it
were different, and I met on a warm, misty morning, somewhere in one of the
State Forests here in Iowa (rarely used).  Perphaps, you would be camping (With
Joanna, maybe?) nearby, and out for your morning stroll when it began to rain.
Of course, this far from civilization, a pair of sandles and a T-shirt would be
enough but now it's raining and you duck under a tree, already soaked to the
skin.
     The rain feels cool against your skin, and the breeze is like a lover's
caress.  You lean back against the tree oblivious to your surroundings.  You
never notice that I am resting under the next tree.  I'm wearing jeans and a
T-shirt, but I'm watching as your hand slowly slides up your body to caress
your already hard nipples.  You close your eyes and rest your head against the
tree.  I watch, as if in a dream, you massage and squeeze those handfulls of
flesh.  I've never met you in the "flesh" so you wouldn't recognize me in
person.
     I clear my throat, your eyes fly open, as you look at me, no words are
needed.  You can see the flame of lust burning in my eyes, just as I see your
eyes aflame.  This has nothing to do with love, respect, or caring, this is
LUST.  We both feel it and act on it.  I leap to my feet as you apporch me.  I
crush you to my chest. My  mouth finds yours as if by radar and our tongues do
a dance of lust.  One of my hands slides down your rain-wet back to grip the
cheek of your butt.  The flesh is cool and wet, but warming to my touch.  I can
stand no more.  I grab the neck of your shirt and rip it from your body.  We
remove my clothes almost as quickly.  My mouth meets yours again, but this time
one hand slides between your legs.  Your cunt is hot, tight ans wet.  I can
feel your juices are already dripping out of you.  I can feel your clit, a hard
slick nub.
     "I want you in my mouth", you say, clearly, and sink to your knees on the
forest floor. I feel your lips surround my cock, licking, teasing, tasting.
     "I can't stand much of this!", I groan through clenched teeth.
     "Then don't, " you suggest. "Come in my mouth, in my face, on my tits."
     I do.  Gallons of come pour from my body, filling your mouth and flooding
down your body, dripping onto your tits. I think that my cock will never rise
when you lean forward and caress my cock with your come-slick tits.  I look
down and see that fire in your eyes again. So hot, so very, very hot, that it
re-ignites the lust in my own soul.  My cock hardens, like steel now, I only
want to use it like a weapon to probe every inch of your body.
     I pull you to your feet, holding you and feeling your slick body against
mine.  Another kiss, this time with the taste of my own come.  It excites me
even more!
     "Turn around," I command you, my voice deep with desire.  You turn,
exposing your ass to my gaze and hands.  Then you brace yourself against a tree
and bend over.  Your pussy is exposed to my asualt.  I open your hot, slippery
core with my hands and drive my cock into you with a single thrust.  My hands
on your hips, I drive my prick into your pussy like a jack-hammer, pounding,
pounding, pounding as fast and as hard as I can.  I grab your hips for better
balance and spread your cheeks, your asshole seems to wink at me.  I lick my
right thumb and S L O W L Y slide it into your ass!  Your butt resists the
intrusion at first, but eventually gives way to me.  Your body welcomes this
new invasion, and I feel my own cock thrusting in and out of you through your
own body-wall.  You can feel my cock in your cunt and my thumb in your ass.
You have become almost incoherent now, with saliva dripping from the corner of
your mouth.  Your body is racked with spasms.  Your orgasms have begun and you
are just riding the wave.
     I feel your body going stiff one more time and pull my cock out of your
cunt and slam it into your asshole!  You immediately stiffen and scream with
pleasure/pain.  My body takes over for me as I feel the increadible heat and
tightness of your butthole.  You have been pushed to a new level of sexual
pleasure where there is no pain, only sensation.  Your body is in an almost
constant state of orgasm when my body explodes into your ass.  I come for what
seems to be weeks.  My body slams deep into your butt, as my juices flows deep
into your gut.  We drop to the forest floor, exausted.  We lay crumpled
together, as you bring a finger to your abused ass.  And then to your lips,
wanting to tast my come in this new way.
