[Kone over, I couldn't believe my eyes. By the time we finished watching the
movie my mouth was so dry I could hardly swallow, but my pussy was so wet I'm
sure my dress was damp where it had fallen between my legs. I'm also sure Luke
knew what I had on my mind. He brought over others for me after that and I
always looked forward to each new movie. I loved to watch the guys fucking
and licking the girls in the films and I especially liked to pretend it was on
my stomach or on my tits their semen spilled. I dreamed of rubbing it into my
skin, my pubic hair, my pussy lips and then sucking my fingers until their 
wetness was licked away. But I hadn't watched one in months. So I especially 
looked forward to an evening of fantasy as I took Luke's movie out of it's 
container and slipped it into the recorder.   

The film I put in the player that night, however, was not what I anticipated.
This one did not have guys. It was only about girls.

It might have been the wine. It might have been the dim light. Or it might have
just been my mood. In any case, as I watched the movie, I gradually realized my
breathing had become shallow and I could almost feel my heart beat beneath my
breast. As the women touched each other and kissed each other and rubbed their
breasts against each other, I became aware of a part of myself only hinted at
before. I found myself wishing I was with them. That it was my skin being
stroked; my lips being kissed. My face became hot and flushed. I looked over my
shoulder as though to see if anyone was there, watching, reading my thoughts. 
[31m-- more --[36m[KMy shirt became moist with perspiration and as its cloth touched my nipples 
they became so sensitive I found my hand moving beneath the cloth, cupping the 
soft underside of my breast, my fingers gently squeezing each to make sure the
feeling I was experiencing was really coming from me.

Then two of the girls in the movie moved to the shower, began bathing each 
other and as they rubbed the soap on the others bodies I became aware of my 
other hand slipping between my own legs, pressing hard against myself, 
trying to hold in the response that was beginning to rise within my body. After 
soaping thoroughly they began to shave each others pubic hair. When they 
finished, they moved to the bedroom to continue their embraces. As I watched 
their lovemaking and gazed upon their newly shaved pink pussies, I experienced 
my first orgasm. I found my hand drenched with my own wetness. My breasts ached
as I pressed harder against them with my hand and arm. And when I finished I 
knew what I wanted, at that moment, more than anything else; and I knew the 
evening would not be completed until I had been satisfied.

I rewound the tape to the beginning of the shower scene, turned the TV and 
recorder off and moved to my own bathroom. I lit some candles, saved in the 
bathroom for special nights, turned off all the other lights and filled the 
tub with water, scenting it with a soothing bath oil Luke had given me. The 
t-shirt came off as I slipped into the warm water and felt its gentle caress. 
As I lay in the water remembering the scenes of the shower and recalling the 
[31m-- more --[36m[Kvision of the newly bared mons and lips, my body took on a new sensitivity. 
Each nerve seemed more alive than ever. The soap became a lover as it used my 
own hand to stroke my body. Soon my attention was turned to my own pubic hair. 
I have never had very much and what is there is sparse and soft. Because of 
the blond color, it seems almost invisible. But that would not be enough. I 
knew every hair must be removed. The soap was applied and as the razor glided
across my skin, the threatened sharpness brought a new awareness within the 
delicate tissue. Sensuality was joined by a veiled perception of fear. Starting 
at the top and then moving down and back, I paid special attention to the small 
fine hairs around my clitoris and between the lips. The area below the vagina 
and around my ass was also shaved. When finished, I lay back in the water, my 
eyes closed, and ran my fingers across the now smoothed pussy confirming that 
indeed all its hair was gone.

I'm not sure how long I remained there, but finally I moved to the bedroom and
toweled myself dry. A softly perfumed lotion was obtained from the dresser and 
I returned to the TV room, this time without the t-shirt. A record of gentle 
music was selected and placed on the player. The TV and video were started but 
without sound as I realized the only words I wanted to hear would be my own 
thoughts. As the scenes repeated, I applied the lotion. First across my chest 
and then cupping each breast with one hand, I began to stroke the upper 
sensitive skin with the other, moving closer with each caress to the areola and 
nipple. As my finger applied just a drop of the lotion to the surrounding pink 
[31m-- more --[36m[Kareas, my nipples and the small papilla around them began to project out. But 
they were not hard. Instead they had taken on a softness and sensitivity I had 
not experienced before. I had to stop. As the women on the screen made love to 
each other I realized the only way I could join them would be within my mind 
and the TV images had become a barrier instead of a door to fulfilling my 
fantasy. 

I turned everything off and returned to the bedroom. Laying on the bed, in the
darkness, I became aware of my body in a new way; almost as though it had an
existence of its own. My hand returned to my breasts and I found them even more
sensitive than before. I grasped the nipples between my fingers, gently pulling
and twisting. A breath of warm air blew across my naked body. A soft ache
entered my pelvis. My hand move down my abdomen. Slowly the tips of my fingers
began to brush across the newly shaved mons. A moan escaped from me. It was 
like a voice from another area of my mind, an echo from another existence. I
continued down to my labia, along the sides and then between. But now I didn't
need a lotion. The juice from my pussy was flooding and as I caressed my newly
smoothed softness I found there was nothing to compare with my own silky cream.
My fingers found their way to my mouth allowing my tongue to taste and lick the
passion from their tips. As they returned to my pussy, I felt a strange and
freighting feeling begin to rise within my body. The palm of my hand pressed
against my clitoris as my fingers slipped between my lips and into the depths
of my vagina. I began to massage the soft ridges within me. My legs came back 
[31m-- more --[36m[Kas the other hand sought my now swollen lips and clitoris. 

My strokes began slowly, but soon the difference between slow and fast became
meaningless as I began to lose control. The feeling within my pelvis had taken
over. My heart ached from its pounding and I had to gasp for air because
I forgot to breathe. Two, three, then four of my fingers found their way into 
my pussy as it pleaded for more. Perspiration covered me. A musky odor mixed
with the smell of perfume and my own body became a stimulant to my senses as my
mind exploded with sensations. Then, within me, I felt the inner ridges of my
vagina smoothed out and open as though expecting a gift. At the same time, the
outer area tightened and began to spasm with urgency and ecstasy, trying to
prevent any escape. I heard a scream and realized it was my own. Juices poured
from me as I began to rub and spread them over my body, my breasts, my arms, my
face. I put some on my nipples, pushed my breast towards my mouth and used my
tongue to lick it off. My hands caressed every part of my body. I was insane
with a rapture of sexuality. My orgasm had taken complete control of my mind
and body. I was its prisoner, it was my lover and I responded in any way it
demanded.

I can't tell you how long this went on but slowly the fog of sensuality was
replaced with an overwhelming need for sleep. As I fell into a deep sleep, I
thought of Luke and how I was going to explain my response to his movie. I also
wondered if there was anyone else I could share it with.
[31m-- more --[36m[K
Good night and sleep tight.
Lena[1;36m
[35m[24;1H [31mA[35mgain  [31mR[35meply  [31mM[35mail  [31mF[35morward  [31mP[35mrev  [31mN[35mext  [31mG[35moto  [31mQ[35muit  [36m[35m [?=Help][36m[24;36H[0;44m[1;37m Next [0m[1;36m
[2J[H[1;76H[35mADULT[36m[1;1H[37m[33mMsg # [31m24[33m[37m of 34[1;34H[33mDate: [37mSat  7-13-91,  8:32
[33mFrom: [37mSYSOP[2;34H[33mRead: [37m14 times

[33m     To: [37mAll
[33mSubject: [37mAdult Story

[36mCopyright Isle-Net Telecommunications
Copied by Permission
  
                *** SUMMER FANTASY ***
                  by Robert C. Smith
  
      The whole thing started one hot summer night as I was trying to make it
home from a business trip in Ohio.  I had been driving for hours on Route 80,
trying to make record time back to the Big Apple, when I noticed that my rented
car was starting to overheat.
  
      I pulled off at the next exit and headed for the closest service station
I could find.  After driving for about 15 minutes, the damn car would go no
further.  Now here I am in the middle of no man's land with no car.  Luckily, I
saw what looked like a large farm house about 1/4 mile down the road.  I walked
down and knocked on the door.  A beautiful young nurse nervously answered the
door; after all it was about 1:30 AM. Her blond hair draped down her shoulder.
[31m-- more --[36m[KShe looked so angelic and pure behind the screen door of the house. After I
explained my problem to her, she seemed to relax a little. She introduced
herself and told me her name, Ariel, and then asked me in to make any necessary
phone calls.  I found out I couldn't get another car until tomorrow morning, so
I asked her if she could give me a ride to the nearest motel.  She then told me
she couldn't because she was on duty and had to check in on her patient on the
third floor of the large house.  She then suggested I stay in the guest room u
ntil my car came in the morning.  Since I had no other options this would have
to do.
  
      She then showed me the guest room and where all the incidentals were and
then offered me some drinks in the den.  As we talked I found out that she
spent long lonely weeks caring for this half dead old man.  I drank and drank,
and then decided it was time to hit the sack, so I went my room.
  
      After a quick shower I was in bed. When I was almost asleep, Ariel
quietly entered the room dress in a sheer black laced gown.  I could see her
tempting breast through the gown, and her matching panties were held only by
two small strings.
  
      She climbed into the bed next to me and began to caress my cock, first
with one hand and then with both. She rubbed it gently until it was hard.  Then
she whispered into my ear, "I need you tonight...".  Before I could get an
[31m-- more --[36m[Kexplanation she was kiss and sucking my neck, moving gently down my chest,
still hold my cock in her hand.  When she got to my dick, she began to lick my
it with her tongue. She seemed to enjoy playing with the tip of my cock with
her tongue.  She then began to suck it, harder.... and harder.  It took all the
strength I had not to cum in her mouth.  I moaned, "I can't take it!  I'm gonna
cum!".  She whispered, "Not yet, I need it tonight".
  
      She then sat up and pulled one of her panty strings and the panties fell
off.  Her pussy was shining with wetness, inviting me to action.  She then
grabbed my head as she began to lie on her back and she pulled my head closer
to her wet cun[31m^C
[36m[24;1H[1;36m[24;1H
[35m[24;1H [31mA[35mgain  [31mR[35meply  [31mM[35mail  [31mF[35morward  [31mP[35mrev  [31mN[35mext  [31mG[35moto  [31mQ[35muit  [36m[35m [?=Help][36m[24;36H[0;44m[1;37m Next [0m[1;36m