It was Sunday night, and Ted was doing his hated weekly chore:
paying bills, balancing accounts, entering the data into his
spreadsheet. Oh, there was enough money, but Ted had a long
standing habit of making sure.
 
He and pretty black-haired young Teresa had returned from their
honeymoon earlier in the week, and there was an awful lot of
paperwork that had piled up on the den. Since it was Sunday
night, Ted reluctantly attacked the stack of bills. Teresa,
although half his age, was the love of his life -- pretty,
intelligent, quick-witted, hard-working, comforting and,
occasionally, demanding in just the way he liked. She was in the
kitchen cleaning up after dinner and about to start on the
laundry.

Ted knew he could use electronic means for paying bills, but he
did not want to yield control of his hard-earned dollars to an
impersonal machine that could, indeed, make mistakes. After an
hour of the drudgery -- sorting bills by their due date, tearing
off those ridiculous advertising flaps from billing envelopes,
meticulously writing each check amount in the register -- he put
his head in his hands and sighed. Then he called, "TEREEEEESA!"
She thought it sounded so sweet, but Ted meant his summons as an
expression of exasperation.

Teresa, wearing an apron over her Spandex slacks, bounced into
the den. "Let me show you something here, Teresa darling," Ted
said, as he sat in his straight backed chair at the huge desk in
the den. She moved to his right to get a look at what he was
doing.

"Honey, I've never had this much trouble with the checking
accounts. And you know why?" Without waiting for a response, Ted
explained: "It seems you have written checks without recording
them, and according to the bank statement, you made six cash
withdrawals without recording them, either. Not only are my
records messed up, it looks as if you caused me to bounce TWO
checks!" 

"Oh, dear," Teresa replied sympathetically. "I'm sorry. I thought
we had the money, and I guess I forgot. That's why I married you,
sweetie," she giggled. "To do all the important stuff," she
grinned.

"Except I can't do the 'important stuff' if you don't pay
attention to the checkbook. Of course we have the money, but that
isn't the way the banking system works. And it's not the way I
work," he retorted sharply. 

"Oh, pooh!" she said. "Your making a mountain out of a molehill!"

"Teresa," Ted replied, now sounding more like her dad than her
lover and newly wed husband. "I am going to take the checkbook
away until you start remembering the 'important stuff.' And I
might have to limit your use of the credit cards!"

"C'mon, Ted," she whined. "You know I'm no good at math. I'll try 
to pay attention this month."

"Give me your checkbook, Teresa," Ted commanded. "No! I won't! I
have rights, too. Remember our vows?"

"Of course I do, Teresa," he said. "And one of those vows was to
OBEY! Now give me the checkbook!"

"I will NOT."

"Teresa, you are acting your age now," Ted told her. "You are
acting like you were a bratty teenager."

"Well, if you don't like it, why don't you ground me," she asked
sarcastically.

"I'll do more than that, young lady," Ted growled, suddenly
grabbing her arms, which had rested on the desk as she was bent
over looking at the pile of checks. In a well-practiced motion,
Ted slid his chair back away from the desk, and he hauled his
bride right across his lap, her apron flying up and her legs
kicking.!

"What are you doing!" she hollered. "What do you think. I'm going
to give you a spanking, and I am going to teach you to be more
careful." Before she could protest further, his large right hand
had slapped her across the tight Spandex. SLAP!

"Owwww!! You can't do this to me!" she yelled. "Well, I AM doing
it, and there is not much you can do about it," Ted said, "except
to take it." SMACK SPANK SPANK SPANK SMACK, he punctuated his
lecture about fiscal responsibility.

Teresa was really angry now, flailing her legs and pushing
against his thighs to get away. But Ted was strong -- that's what
attracted her to him in the first place. In a momentary lapse
between licks, Teresa managed to slide to the floor. Ted
responded by picking her up like a day-old kitten, standing her
up and pulling down her slacks, then her white lace panties. She
stood there naked from the waist down, face reddening and eyes
shooting laser beams at him.

Though she still struggled, Ted again hoisted her over his lap
and began spanking in earnest. SMACK WHAP WHACK SLAP SPANK!!

"AAAAHHHH!!! Ted, stop it this instant! OWWWWW!!!! I'm going to
call the police, Ted ... OOOOWWWWW OOOOOOHHHH!!! I'm going to
divorce you, Ted!" 

That last remark provoked the usually calm and controlled Ted to
reach into his desk's middle drawer and procure an 18-inch wooden
ruler. Then he really began to spank his bride, hard!

WHACK WHAP SLAP SMACK SPANK SPANK WHACK WHACK!!!

"You brute! You horrible brute!" she cried, and I mean cried,
because the tears were starting to fall. "You're really enjoying
this aren't you?" she spat.

"Yes, my dear. Actually, I am. Hasn't naughty little girl gotten
a spanking before?" he asked, sarcasm dripping down his chin.

"Yessssss," she hissed. "A lot, and I don't like it one bit." 
"Obviously," retorted Ted, recalling his college role as
Petrucchio, "you didn't get enough!"

Having proved his strength and toughness, risking everything to
initiate his bride into a form of marital discipline she had not
expected, Ted began easing up. S P A N K  W H A P  W H A P
S P A N K  W H A P.  "There, Teresa. You can keep your checkbook,
but I want it balanced next month, balanced like a cat on a hot
tin roof!"
 
Teresa scrambled up, sputtering and fuming, and raced upstairs to
bed, slamming the door loud enough for Ted to hear -- and chuckle
at. After another hour and a half at the dreaded chore -- not so
dreadful this Sunday evening -- Ted put the last stamps on the
envelopes, fed the cats, let the dog out, turned out the lights
and went upstairs, expecting a very angry and unforgiving wife.

The door to the bedroom was slightly ajar, the adjoining bathroom
light was on, providing him with just enough sight to notice
Teresa still awake. She was on the new three-foot high king size
bed in her sexiest nightclothing -- actually, a black teddy!

He slipped off his clothes and got into bed, admiring his young
wife's firm and curvy body as he had not during the spanking.

"Teddy," she cooed. "I'm sorry about the checkbook. Please don't
ever give me another spanking like that. OK?"

Ted cleared his throat and stammered, not knowing what to say. 
"I didn't like the surprise, Teddy," she explained. "But you
know," she giggled, "it didn't feel all that bad afterwards.
Spank me again, Teddy...like this."

Teresa had sat up, turned over and raised herself on the mattress
to an all-fours position, facing the headboard. She had lifted
her nightie, spread her legs and beckoned again, "Like thhhisss!"

Ted was no fool. He scooched closer to the bride young enough to
be his daughter and raised his right hand behind her, parallel to
her wiggling bottom. In slow motion, he brought his palm forward
and virtually kissed Teresa's ass with it, letting it linger
across that Bermuda Triangle of her bottom curve, the top of her
thigh and the underside of her smooth pussy.
  
"Oooof," she growled lustily as the force of his slow-motion
spank rocked her forward. He spanked again, in exactly the same
place. And again ... ssssppppllllaaaattttt!  "Ooooooohhh," she
squealed, as he Teddy mock-spanked her again and again, making no
marks at all, except on her naughty naughty soul.

They made love that night like never before ... once on top, once
on the bottom and once in a way that made Teresa's little-girl
bottom an adult one forever.
