THE AUDITION
by Anonymous

     Whenever I masturbate, I always think about the time I went to audition
for a porno film. I had gone to other auditions, and they generally ended the
same way -- whether it was in an office or in someone's house. I'd be asked to
strip, show it hard and spread my ass cheeks. I would pose, and then the
photographer would watch me blow myself, or maybe he would fuck me. Sometimes
I'd be asked to "perform" on another model.

     I liked to work out and swim a lot, so my body was slim, tight and hard as
a rock. Living in Southern California, I loved to go to secluded beaches and
sun bath in the nude, so I had a deep, dark tan all over. Being very proud of
my appearance, I took advantage of every opportunity to show off as much of it
as was possible.

     This one time, though, was different. I called the guy who had advertised,
and went to his apartment on the first floor of a building in downtown Los
Angeles. One guy there was about 5'9", well-built, muscular and about 20 years
old. He answered the door, when I arrived and told me to sit and wait 'til I
was called, in the living room. (I could hear him tell some guys that he never
expected so many people to answer the ad.) I overheard him telling the group,
in the next room that they had to get the models hard, take a few pictures and
then pay the models for about 15 minutes of work. (The ad had read something
like $25 an hour.)

     Soon, a shorter nineteen year old came into the room I was in. He had a
tight, swimmers' build and curly black hair. He told me to undress and come
into the light where there was a chair. The taller guy told me to lean against
the chair and spread my legs so that everything I had could be seen by everyone
in the room.

     He told everyone that I had modeled before, and asked if someone wanted to
get me hard. The shorter, "swimmer" came over and grabbed my cock. He started
stroking it until I was so hot I was in a frenzy. I was as hard as I think I've
ever been! Everyone in the room was staring at me.

     I was super hot, by this time. The photographer told me to spread my legs
more, and to lean back. As he was taking the pictures, he told me to get myself
off. The other people in the room were "screaming" for me to cum for them! I
panted that I couldn't hold back any more and shot my hot juices all over
myself and the room around me.

     After the photographer got his pictures of me cumming, he told me to turn
around and to fuck myself with my fingers. While he was shooting pictures of
this, he was ordering me to strike different poses so that he could catch all
of the action -- as I started to get hot once again.

      He told me to take my free hand and to slowly stroke my now hardening
cock. I was so hot that I kept rubbing my hands all over my body, pinching my
tits, rubbing my balls and stroking my now super hard cock. As the photographer
shot pictures of all of this I was on the brink of exploding, once again. I
fingered my ass and stroked my hot cock. The group cheered me on. Beads of
sweat were rolling from every inch of my writhing body. I never thought that I
could get so turned on "performing" for a group of people! Finally, when I
couldn't hold back any more I came for what seemed like hours.

     Exhausted, I dropped to the floor; panting and writhing in ecstasy. The
other guys in the room got up and came over to me and began to gently caress
every inch of my body. Gradually, they all stripped naked. Not one of them was
less than a tight, muscle stud. All in their early twenties and all of them as
hot as I had been not 5 minutes earlier. They all wanted me..............

     There were 6 hot studs, ranging from the slender Chris Atkins type to the
tough, bearded leather type. All had well defined, muscled bodies and dark
California tans. All were hot for a piece of me.

     Once again I found myself getting uncontrollably hot. These guys knew just
what it takes to get me off. Paying attention to only me, they worked over
every inch of my throbbing body using every inch of theirs in return. I felt my
legs being lifted high into the air and the bearded hunk began to probe my
begging ass with his huge man-tool. Another began to tempt my waiting lips with
his. The others worked on me with their agile hands and tongues. I was in
heaven!

     I was now being fucked from both ends and my whole body seemed to be
fucking them right back. With one, singular motion I was becoming one with this
mass of man-flesh which was using me, totally, in the best of ways. As I felt
myself getting to the point of cumming again, the bearded hunk began to fill my
ass with his love juices. That set me off. As soon as I started to cum, the
beautiful young beach boy who had my throat filled, came and filled my gut with
his sweet cum. At the moment that I thought I 4)d reached the highest high
possible, the others began to cum all over me. I've never felt so hot in all of
my life.

     Soon after, we all collapsed entwined in each others flesh and drifted off
into dream-land. I awakened several hours later, to find that all of my he-men
had departed; leaving me alone -- with the exception of a small hand scrawled
note. It simply said, "Friday -- 10:00 PM -- 10058 North Malibu Drive."
