Archive-name: First/attheinn.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: At the Inn


     Jeanine was a pretty young girl from a very good family in a New
England port town.  She learned as much from her tutor as was taught
to girls in those days, but was not interested in needlepoint, and
knew well enough how to treat the servants in order to keep the house
running well.  Beaux came from many miles away to court her, on fine
horses or in sleek buggies.  They were all stuffy in her eyes, these
men in their suits, gloves, and top hats who escorted her to plays and
poetry readings, and tried with their flowery language to win her
hand.  She had read every book in her home, had gone to New York to
visit her aunt, who had brought her shopping for fine clothes which
suited her flowing white-gold hair and pale complexion.  This did not
please her, either; she saw it as a waste of money.  Even riding her
horse, a pastime she had enjoyed despite (or, perhaps, because of) the
fact that her mother was horrified at it, was boring to her.  She had
galloped down all the paths for miles around, had thoroughly explored
everyplace within a day's ride.

     In short, Jeanine was bored.

     This boredom became so suffocating that one day she decided to go
to the place where she had been repeatedly told _not_ to go - the
docks.  If she had been told a lady might not go there, she felt,
there _must_ be something interesting at the docks.  So she put on a
very simple blue dress, pinned her hair up, put on a hat, and strolled
to the port.

     The streets were crowded. Jeanine was shoved from all sides by
men carrying sacks and boxes, garishly painted women who went from one
man to the next, untill one escorted them away to a nearby inn, and
men just looking at the seedy shops that lined the boulevard.
Suddenly, her arm was taken, and she heard a voice say, "A lady like
you shouldn't walk alone around here."  She looked up and saw the
face of a young man with brown eyes, a gentle smile, and reddish-brown
curls pulled back into a ponytail.  He guided her into a nearby inn.
The innkeeper showed them a table, and the young man ordered wine for
himself and Jeanine.

     He introduced himself as Daniel and they began to talk.  He had
led a very exciting life on board various ships, and he told her of
battles with pirates and ports far away where the people had dark
skins and almond-shaped eyes. She in turn told Daniel of her society
life, and explained her purpose in coming to the docks - she was
searching for a way to alleviate the tedium of her days.  After a few
very pleasant hours, Jeanine realised that she had to go before she
was missed at home.  Daniel suggested they meet again the next day at
the same inn.  She agreed, and went home.

     That night, Jeanine dreamed of Daniel.  In her dream, he kissed
her and held her in his arms, her face buried in his white ruffled
shirt.  He caressed her body.  She awoke early and, thinking of her
dreams, began to caress herself. She ran her hands over her full
breasts and down her body, feeling the moisture between her legs. Her
hand massaged her clitoris as her body tensed.  With fingers moving
faster and faster on the little nodule, she shut her eyes and pictured
Daniel, his mouth on her mouth, kissing her neck as his hand toyed
with her breast...

     Waves of pleasure rolled over her, and she felt as if she were
floating on the sea that Daniel lived his life upon.

     That afternoon, Jeanine, in her plain white dress, entered the
inn, where the innkeeper led her to a room.  He told her that Daniel
would join her presently. She sat down on the edge of the bed,
wondering why Daniel had chosen this place for their rendevous. "Maybe
he wants to..." she thought, blushing at her dream of the previous
night.  He couldn't want that from _her_!  The thought made her thighs
moist and gave her a fluttery feeling in her stomach.

     Daniel entered, and she rose to greet him.  Instead of a kiss on
the hand, which was what she expected, he grabbed her and kissed her
roughly.  After a moment of shock, Jeanine responded, wrapping her
arms around him.  She was surprised when he flicked his tongue into
her mouth, but had read enough books to know what was expected in
return and let her tongue dance around his, sliding it inside his
mouth and tickling throof of his mouth with it.  She heard a moan as
he lowered her onto the bed, sliding his hands from her face to her
breasts. The pulse and moisture between her thighs increased as he
slid his mouth on her throat.  Then she realised that he had
unbuttoned her dress and slipped his hand inside her bodice to caress
one taut breast.

     "Stop...don't do that, Daniel!" she said sharply.

     "Why?" he whispered in her ear. "Don't you like it?"

     Jeanine couldn't be dishonest. "I do like it.  But we shouldn't
     be doing this."

     Daniel seemed angry.  "You knew what you were getting into when
you decided to meet me here.  Why are you trying to stop now?"

     "I didn't know what you wanted!" Jeanine cried, deciding she
hadn't really known, no matter what her thoughts had been when he
entered.  "Besides, my father is a prominent man - he'll punish you
for this."

     Daniel chuckled.  "I don't think he will, young lady." He said
the word 'lady' sarcastically, as if she was one no longer.  "You are
the one who came to the docks, against your parents' wishes.  You are
the one who will receive the punishment, not I, if you tell our
secret.  I wouldn't be surprised if they disowned you for this."

     "You're right," she whispered. "I can't tell them."

     He flicked his tongue on her throat again, feeding the fire in
her clitoris. "Then I suggest you stop resisting. Perhaps you'll enjoy
it."

     Suddenly all the buttons of her dress were undone, and she found
herself in only her chemise and undergarments.  His shirt, too, was
off, and she saw the dusting of hair on his chest, narrowing down to a
line that led into his pants.  She traced it with her finger.

     "Would you like to find out where that leads to?" he asked.  She
nodded her assent.  He slid his pants and underpants off and stood
before her naked, a hardened shaft looking too wide for her fingers
and thumb to encircle pointing at her mouth.

     "Kiss it," he said, drawing her face to his cock.

     She moistened her lips, and he slid it into her mouth.  He taught
her what to do.  She sucked on it, bobbing her head up and down,
flicking her tongue on the head and shaft, circling the head with
strokes of her tongue.  As she did this, she felt moisture secreting
from her empty cunt.

     Suddenly, Daniel withdrew his penis from her mouth and quickly
stripped her of the rest of her clothes.  He told her to lie back and
began to lick first her throat, then her nipples.  His tongue flicked
over her hard nipples, then encircled them.  His mouth slowly took in
more and more of her large breast, and she gasped in pleasure as he
sucked hard on it.

     His mouth slowly glided down her body, leaving wet kisses on her
soft ivory stomach.  He kissed the top of her mound and she moaned.
He slid fully between her legs and tasted the moisture of her
throbbing cunt.

     As his tongue worked her, she struggled to sit up.  She couldn't
let him do this!

     He looked up at her. Her blonde hair had fallen out of its neat
pins, and was tangled on her shoulders.  Her face was flushed, her
lips were moist, and her full breasts were heaving as she stared at
him.

     "Lie back," he commanded, a mixture of saliva and her juices
staining his lips and dripping from one corner of his mouth, "or I
can't eat your pussy."

     Jeanine let her body rest on the bed, admitting to herself that
she didn't want him to stop. His tongue flicked on her clit a few more
times, then he drew back.

     "Kneel on the bed," he ordered.  She rose onto her hands and
knees. He knelt behind her and slid his fingers into her moist cunt.
"Now," he said to her, "I'm going to slip my cock inside you."

     Jeanine felt an instant of pain as he entered her, followed by a
thrill shooting from her clit to her nipples.  She moaned as he thrust
again, sending streaks of fire to her breasts.  Pleasure coursed over
her as he stroked her breasts and whispered, "There's nothing I like
better than a little virgin with a tight pussy and big tits."  Again
and again he thrusted, and she met him with every thrust.  Just as the
last thrill of exploding pleasure dissipated, she felt him come, his
cock pulsing inside her.

     They slept for a few hours, and, when they awoke, planned to meet
at the same inn the next afternoon. Finally, Jeanine found something
to alleviate her boredom.
--

