                            Overture

Angela had always thought of herself as a tease.  "Oh no," she'd
say to anyone who tried to tell her this, "I'm not a tease."  She
would then flash those big brown eyes and a smile to melt hearts.
Angela worked in a large bureaucracy, handling forms and permits
for people who wanted to make additions to their homes.  Usually it
was pretty mundane; an extra bedroom, a pool, another garage.
Yawn.  Today, though, it would be different.

She arrived for work at 9:00 sharp, her red pumps clicking on the
wood floor.  Angela loved the sound high heels made on a hard
surface, which is why she wore them to work every day.  Today, to
go with her red pumps she had worn a tight red minidress with a
zipper all the way up the front.  Underneath she wore only a pink
garter-belt, red stockings and a pink g-string.  She always told
her roommate Ellie that she only wore the g-string because it left
no panty-line, but secretly she liked the way the thong felt up her
ass.

She sat at her desk and reviewed the days appointments- they were
a boring lot- and got to work.  The day went by quickly...

At a quarter of five, her last appointment walked in the door.  Her
name was Missy.  She was about five foot seven with short brown
hair, hazel eyes, and a body that was straining at the seams of the
leather dress she wore.  It looked like a corset with a skirt
attached, and the tightness of the skirt forced Missy to take short
steps across the room.  And her boots!  Black patent leather and
six-inch spike heels clicking on the floor.   Angela got wet.

"You must be Angela."  Missy smiled and shook her hand.  "Yes,
pleased to meet you, Missy."  Angela said.

"So what can I do for you today?" Angela asked, trying to get down
to business.  But Missy's smile grew wider.  "Well, I would like a
permit to build several rooms underneath my house, like a
basement."  "What would these rooms be for?" Angela asked, licking
her lips.  "They're for a dungeon complex, where I'll keep my girls
to train them until they're ready to sell."

"Oh." Angela was stunned.  Excitement began to well up in her.

"And I need to begin construction today, because my first girl is
arriving very soon."

Angela sighed, "Missy, I'm sorry, but you have to file six months
in advance of construction.  I can't approve a permit the same day
construction starts."

Missy was not stopped by this.  "I'm sure we can work something
out."  And she put a large stack of money on Angela's desk.

"How much money is that?" Angela asked.

"Ten thousand dollars." Missy replied.

Angela got her liquid paper out, made a few changes to Missy's
permit application, and handed it to her.  "I hope today's ground-
breaking goes well."  She smiled, "It was a pleasure working with
you."

"Yes," Missy replied, standing up, "I'm sure its the beginning of
a long and productive relationship."  And with that, Missy left,
Angela watching her wonderful ass straining against the tight
leather.

It was five.  Angela quickly filed away Missy's papers and
collected her things to leave.  She didn't notice the small tube
which slipped in under the door, or the jet of gas it was emitting,
until her legs gave out and she fell right next to it.  Her last
conscious thought was "What's that...?"

[so much for the story, now the good stuff :-)]

As she slowly regained consciousness, Angela thought at first that
she must be tangled in her bedsheets.  When she pulled and found no
escape she quickly came fully awake.  She couldn't see!  There was
something covering her head and a large, hard ball was stuffed in
her mouth.  The only parts of her head that weren't covered were
her nose and her ears.  It was a mask, and it was very tight.

Her arms and entire upper-body were encased in something tight and
sticky.  It crinkled when she struggled, like plastic.  Then she
realized- it was tape!  She was wrapped in tape from her neck to
her hips, and her arms were totally encased, down to the
fingertips.

"She's awake" a voice said.  She feld a hand on her breast- they
had been left uncovered by tape, but were wrapped at the base so
they were now squeezed tight.  "Oh, don't you look so pretty." a
voice cooed.  It was Missy.  She gently squeezed Angela's nipples.
Angela tried to kick at her, but her ankles were locked in
handcuffs.  "Oh my, she wants to play,"  Missy said, "but she's
wearing the wrong outfit."  Angela was lifted until she was
standing.  She felt hands on her breasts again, tying something to
her nipples.  She felt each of them wrapped and knotted tightly.
She moaned, half with fear, half with excitement.  Her nipples were
throbbing and hard.

"Angela, I've put you on a nipple-leash, which I am now going to
use to lead you on a walk to my temporary dungeon.  Of course, if
you walk too slowly, the string will tug on your nipples.  But if
you should walk too fast, my assistant will whip you.  Show her."
Angela heard a whip swishing through the air.  She cringed, but it
did no good.  The whip curled around her stocking-clad thighs and
etched lines of burning pain on them.  Angela began to whimper.

As Missy led Angela on a short walk, the string pulled taught on
her nipples and began to hurt.  Angela hobbled as fast as the
ankle-cuffs allowed, hobbled further by her own high-heels.  Once,
Missy slowed down and Angela actually caught up with her.  "Uh oh,
bad girl!"  Missy said, and the whip curled around Angela's thighs
again and again.  Angela started sobbing, her thighs on fire and
her nipples squeezed tight, and yet she was hot.

Finally, Missy stopped and Angela felt herself pushed down onto a
chair.  Her legs were lifted and her ankles placed on a wooden
bench at the same height as her hips.  She heard a lock click shut
and guesser her ankles were locked to the bench.  She felt two wide
straps wrapped around her- one just below her breasts, the other
over her upper thighs, and buckled extremely tightly.  Then,
another strap was pulled tight around her knees.  Thus Missy forced
Angela's suspended knees to lock, keeping her slender legs
straight.  Angela squirmed, but realized that she was totally
helpless.

"Ellie, take off her mask.  It's time to convince her to be my
slave."  Another woman's voice replied "Yes mistress."  The voice
sounded very familiar to Angela.  Angela felt the mask on her head
begin to loosen.  She hadn't realized how tight it really was until
it was slipped off her head, and light flooded her eyes.  Angela
blinked and looked around.  Her roommate was standing next to her,
holding the mask she had just taken off Angela's head!  Ellie was
a tall, voluptuous blonde, and she was wearing an extremely tight
corset, black stockings, and six inch heeled pumps.

Ellie held her open hand under Angela's mouth.  "Spit out the ball,
baby."  Angela used her tongue to push the ball out of her mouth.
She finally got it out and felt her stretched jaw throb.

"Is that better?" Ellie asked.
"Yes." Angela knodded.

Ellie reached out and pinched Angela's nipples.  "Oh baby, I've
wanted you like this for years.  I'm going to hurt you in ways you
haven't even imagined."  Angela closed her eyes and moaned.

"All right Angela, I want you to watch a video."  Missy said.
"It's a fave of mine and I just know you'll love it."  And with
that, she popped an unmarked videotape into her VCR and switched
the TV on.

It was a shot of an office in a high-rise, taken through a window.
As it zoomed in, Angela saw herself seated behind her desk.  It was
from today!  Angela knew it was about 4:30 in the video, because
that was when she had her ankles up on the desk and her legs spread
wide while she played with herself.  Somehow even the moans were
recorded.  Angela watched the next half hour of tape as Missy
bribed her to falsify the building permit.  When it finished, MIssy
paused the tape and asked Angela if she was impressed.

"I'll give you money, just let me go, please."  Angela pleaded.

"I don't want money, I want you as my slave,"  Missy leaned close
and ran her hand up Angela's thigh, "And I'll have you."  She
slipped two fingers inside Angela.  Angela gasped and, despite her
fear, began to push against Missy's probing fingers.  "mmmm" Missy
smiled, "you're so wet."

Angela decided to try the tough approach.  "One little shit thing
like a bribe won't do anything to me babe.  Let me go and maybe I
won't even tell the cops."  Angela laughed, but Missy just sat
back, gestured to Ellie and said "Okay. Now we'll show you the rest
of the tape, but with spice."  Ellie leaned over Angela with a pair
of small clamps in her hands.

"No!" Angela cried, as Ellie took the string off Angela's nipples
and put the clamps on.  Ellie tightened them slowly, watching
Angela's increasing distress as the clamps began to hurt.  Angela
struggled and threatened, but that only made Ellie tighten them
more, and then hang weights from them.  Angela's threats turned to
pleas, and Ellie began to nibble on her ears, slipping fingers in
and out of her pussy.  Angela looked down at her breasts; they were
jutting out, squeezed by the tape, slightly blue, and her nipples
were caught tightly in the metal clamps.  Missy started the tape
again.

For the next hour, Angela watched recordings of every crooked deal
she'd ever made in her office.  There were the deals for money, and
the deals for sex.  Angela was amazed to see footage of the time
that pimp had sent her two of his girls in exchange for the permit
to expand his house.  One girl had her hand between Angela's legs,
licking her pussy, and the other was straddling Angela's face and
rubbing her tits.

By the time it was over, Angela knew that she'd go to jail for a
long, long time if anyone ever saw that tape.

Missy finally turned off the machine, carefully put the tape away,
and turned to Angela.  "You need to make a choice.  I'll let you
walk out the door right now, but then I'll send a copy of this tape
to the police.  The alternative is for you to be my slave, and do
anything I want you to do.  I will keep you bound tightly, and
teach you to enjoy pain, although," She smiled and licked the
fingers she had put inside Angela, "you seem to enjoy it already.
Of course, in jail you'll feel pain as the guards and inmates beat
you, but you wouldn't enjoy that as much, would you?"

"No." Angela said.

"As I thought."  Missy took Angela's pumps off her.  "Ellie, bring
Angela's new shoes over here."  Ellie walked over carrying a pair
of high heels- they were incredible!  The heels were seven or eight
inches, with an inch or so of platform.  Ellie and Missy put them
on Angela's feet, and then secured them with a few tight wraps of
red tape.  Missy caressed Angela's ankles after the shoes were
secured.  "These are called 'fuck-me' shoes Angela; because
whenever you have them on your going to get fucked.  Do you like
that?"  Missy asked, reaching down and again slipping her fingers
inside Angela.  Angela looked at herself; bound in red tape, tits
tied with her nipples clamped, ankles handcuffed together and
securely strapped to the chair with her pretty legs forced
straight.  Angela was scared at how excited she was.  She opened
her mouth, intending to say 'no'.  She said:

"Yes."

