
                                  A Swap
                              Author Unknown

Jeri and I had been married for about ten years, and most of our relationship
had been great.  We enjoyed most of the same things: music, sports, movies,
sex.  We made love often, and it was usually super.   Nevertheless, I had
always had this nagging feeling that she was not being completely satisfied by
our lovemaking.  Still, I had to admit that she almost always seemed to reach
orgasm, particularly when I took her clit in my lips and licked back and forth
across it as fast as my tongue could go.  I could see her tummy muscles
tighten in spasms as she groaned faster and faster until she cried out and
then relaxed, becoming all soft and warm.  Her climaxes were similar when I
pushed my cock in as far and as fast and as hard as I could, but those orgasms
were  not  as intense (at least I wasn't  sure).  As a result of this concern,
I began to wonder whether I might be falling some what "short" in fulfilling
her sexual need.

As time passed, I began to develop a fantasy as to how to test my theory that
Jeri would be more satisfied by a bigger cock.  At first I thought about
getting one of those giant dildoes I'd seen in the porno store, but decided
that that would have been so obvious as to negate the value of the test
results.  The only true test would be for Jeri to think that I was fucking
her, but with a bigger cock.  However, at least so far, there were no
hospitals providing dick enlargement operations, so that meant that if I was
ever going to find out, I would have to find someone else (with a really big
dick) to fuck Jeri while she thought it was me!

Where does one begin to recruit someone for this sort of a plan?  I couldn't
go to a night club and "pick up" someone.  It had to be someone I could trust,
someone safe, and someone "hung".  There were plenty of guys at work that
would love to get their dick in Jeri, but there's the old saying about "don't
shit in you own backyard" that made co-workers out of the question.  So what
to do?  It was about this time that an old friend from my high school days
called to say he was back in town and would like to get together and renew our
friendship.  I didn't put the two situations together at first, but when Mel
and I began reminiscing about out days together on the Tennis team, I
remembered why I had envied him.  As I recalled, Mel's prick was as big soft
as mine had been hard, although we never made a direct comparison.  I thought
that he was very probably (at least physically) what I needed to fulfill my
fantasy "test."

As Mel and I talked, I learned that he was recently separated from his wife,
and that they were going to get a divorce.  He stated his displeasure at
reentering the dating scene, saying that all the really great women had
already found someone and gotten married or were at least living with someone.
He also confided that he had once had a desire to pursue Jeri, but that I had
"beaten him out".  This was almost too unlikely to believe, but what the hell,
I decided to give it a try and see how far I could make this go.  Could I
really let another man fuck my wife?

Over the next several weeks, we had Mel over for dinner and we went out to the
movies together a few times.  Jeri fixed him up with some of her girlfriends
from work, but nothing clicked.  All the while, I was making casual hints
about Jeri and me to Mel, trying to see if he showed any interest, he seemed
genuinely concerned about us, and I felt more comfortable all the time about
revealing my fantasy to him.

One night, after dinner, as we were having a drink, and Jeri was on the phone
with a friend, I decided to open the door on my soul a little wider.  I asked
Mel to confirm that he still found Jeri attractive, which he did.  I then
began to explain my concerns about our physical relationship.  He understood,
and joked that "all you pencil-peters have that fear." "Thanks a lot", I
answered.  "You're a big help."  "Well, what the fuck can I do about  it?", he
asked.  "Look Mel, you and I have gotten pretty close, and I think I can tell
you something in confidence without fear of your having a bad reaction."

I proceeded to carefully outline my fantasy to see if Jeri would have a
stronger orgasm if she were making love to me and I had a bigger dick.  "So
how you gonna do that?", Mel asked.  "Well", I said, "You asked what you could
do...."  Then I went full ahead and detailed what I thought could work to fool
Jeri into thinking that she was screwing me when in fact she'd be screwing
Mel.  Mel was not too eager at first, but after some long-winded
rationalizing, I began to turn him toward agreeing to give it a try.  I asked
him just how big he was, to which he replied "big enough!". Finally I got him
to admit to 10 and a half inches.  "Sure!", I said.  "Want proof?" he asked.
"I'm  from  Missouri.  Show me!".  I got a ruler, he got it hard, I checked,
he'd lied... it was actually just over  11".  "Whoa", I said. "Ever size,
maybe this wasn't such a good  idea after  all.  But I'd committed to this
course, and I was determined to get the answer to my question.

Obviously, it would be necessary for Mel to be present without Jeri knowing
it, so the first order of business was to select a location where I could be
fucking Jeri while Mel was close by.  We decided on the rec room, because of
the storage room nearby where Mel could hide until I got things going.  There
were these big floor pillows that Jeri and I had fucked on before, so that
wouldn't arouse her suspicion.  Next, we had to figure out how to get Mel into
the storage room without Jeri knowing that he was even in the house.  We
figured that we cold "sneak" Mel into the house while Jeri was at the store.
Then we had to come up with a way for Mel to relieve himself in case he had to
take a piss while he waited in the store room. An empty coffee can with its
plastic lid would work OK.  Since there would be no easy way to signal Mel
when to come out of the store room, we agreed that he would just have to peek
around the doorway to the rec room and use his own best judgment as to when to
come in.  The lights would have to be off so that Jeri would not be able to
see Mel and I trade off.

Finally, the big night came, and as Jeri left in her car to go to the store, I
called Mel.  He parked around the corner so that Jeri wouldn't see his car
when she returned.  "Are you sure about this?" he asked as he came in.  "Yes!
I've got to find out, or I'll wonder for the rest of my life."  "OK", he
replied, "as long as you're sure."  We checked out the storage room, and the
path through the rec room, so that he wouldn't trip on or walk into something
as he approached in the dark.  Fortunately, there was a moon out that night,
which would help light the rec room a little through the skylight.

We went over the plan while we waited.  I would give Jeri enough to drink to
get her a little tipsy and then start making love to her on the pillows.  I
would get between her legs and caress her thighs and hips with both hands, one
on each side.  I would continue this caressing as I put my cock into her.  At
this time Mel should show up and get into position behind me and a little to
my left.  As I would bring my left hand down her right leg, I would lift it
away, and Mel would begin to caress her as I had done.  Then I would pull by
cock out of Jeri's pussy and run it along her thigh, back and forth, while
fondling her clit with my right hand.  As I reached as far down her leg as I
could, Mel and I would trade places, and he would move his cock down her leg
and into her pussy.  His hand would take the place of my right hand as we
finished the switch-over.  It sounded like it would work OK.  In any case, we
would know pretty soon.

When Jeri returned, I helped her put away the groceries, and asked her if
she'd care for a drink.  "Sure.", she said, so I fixed her a Gin Tonic, her
usual.  I fixed a Scotch and water for myself, very mild so I could stay alert
and coordinated.  We went to the rec room, talked about work and about going
on a vacation to Lake Tahoe next summer, and danced to some '50s music on the
radio.  When I refilled our drinks I made Jeri's a little stronger than usual,
but kept mine weak.  Jeri was enjoying the mood, and her body was warmer and
her kisses more demanding all the time.  After still another drink, we danced
to an old Elvis ballad ("Love Me Tender") and she began rubbing the front of
my jeans with her hand.  I kissed her deeply, and began undoing the buttons of
her blouse.  "I love you, Jeri" I said as kissed he neck, then her breasts.
Her tits were so very firm, and small but not "little", just perfect!.  Her
nipples pointed upward slightly, and were hard and hot as I sucked on them.

Gradually we undressed one another and held each other close, kissing. As we
sank slowly to the floor, I turned out the last light, and slid one of those
big pillows under Jeri.  I began caressing her arms, her breasts, her tummy,
her thighs, her everything.  Jeri was only moderately active, probably from
the booze, which was exactly what I'd hoped for.  As I kissed my  way down the
front of her, she moaned softly.  As my tongue parted the lips of her pussy,
she only moved a little.  It was then that I pressed against the insides of
her knees until she had spread her legs wide apart.  I hoped there would be
enough room for the switch from me to Mel.  I continued to kiss her pussy and
caress her legs until I felt Mel move in behind me.  I almost panicked at this
point, for fear that Jeri would realize that I was up to something and that
she'd get pissed off.  But she was still enjoying my attention and didn't
sense anything other than my tongue, and my hands.  Slowly, I raised my head
up from between her thighs and moved myself into position.  I gently eased the
tip of my dick into her and then pulled back, rubbing the tip around the
outside.  All the while I was rubbing up and down her right leg with my left
hand and fondling her pussy with my right.

When Mel put his hand on my left forearm, I almost jumped.  I wasn't expecting
it, but managed to maintain my concentration.  I raised my left hand off off
Jeri's leg, and Meltook over the caressing on that side.  I pushed my cock
back into Jeri, a little further this time.  I moved myself as far to the
right as I thought I could without arousing suspicion, then pulled out again.
As I moved the tip of my dick along Jeri's right thigh, she moaned "Please put
it in again".  I raised up as far as I could on my knees, and Mel began to
move in front of me.  In the dim moonlight, shining through the skylight, I
could see his big cock sliding down her thigh. "What the fuck am I doing?"  I
thought.  But before I could think about it I had to move out of the way.
That required pressing very tightly against Mel's back.  As my dick passed
over the crack of his ass, I had a thought.  "No, this is not the time for
that kind of new experience" I thought.  I moved all the way out then, and
positioned myself so that I could watch the penetration.  Mel was soooooo big!
I felt very strange as I watched the tip of his dick enter that beautiful
"honey hole" that, up to now, had been my private playground.  In it went,
past the tip, past the circumcision scar, down, deeper, deeper, all the while
Jeri's moans getting louder, deeper, different than I'd ever heard before.
"Oooooooh, that's sooooo good!", she said in a low, very soft voice.  "Don't
ever  stop!"  Mel picked up the pace, faster and faster, deeper and deeper.
Jeri's moans were almost gasps.  "Ooooh, Oooooh, Yessssss, Yesssssss,
YEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS".  It was finally over.

It was then that I heard those words that I'll never, ever, forget.  "Oh, Mel,
you're as good as ever!  You always were the very best!"

To make a long story short, Mel and Jeri lived happily ever after, I jack off
a lot.

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\Nation of Thieves////////////////////////////////
:    The Rendezvous -- 220 Megs -- 3/12/2400 -- 9 lines -- (619) 275-1040     :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:            Erotic*City -- WWIV Net Node 6978 -- (619) 528-0322              :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:      Dirty Bird's Nest                        The Electronic Forum @6855    :
:           150 Megs           12/24/48/9600              675 Megs            :
:       (618) 397-7687             USR-HST            (618) 346-9078          :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:              Sin*City -- WWIV Net Node: 6969 -- (619) 283-4998              :
 \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\/////////////////////////////////////

