Archive-name: Bestial/bathday.txt
Archive-author: Nevyn
Archive-title: Bathday


Caution!   This story IS fiction.  Also,  adjectives to
this story are as sand is to a beach.  You have been warned.


   Monday.  Bleagh!

   I'm sitting here in front of my PC remembering Saturday.
Sort of a usual Saturday with a bit of a twist.  At 8:30 Heather
got up out of bed (I can't understand people who can get up early
on a Saturday!) and started pottering about in the kitchen.  I
closed my eyes with a view to another hour or two's kip when I
heard Kathump kathump, kathump kathump, KATHUMP KATHUMP,
WALLOP!!  Two great huge heavy weights thumped onto the bed
almost breaking my spine and rupturing my innards (or worse,
turning my innards into outards).  Before I was able to open my
eyes, my face was being smeared by what felt like a wet, warm
sponge, no, two wet warm sponges, and my body felt like it was
pinned to the bed by a tree trunk.  Muffled I heard a merry voice
say "Good morning, sleepyhead.  Get up.  You got a swimming pool
to dig today."
   Trying to sit up but failing, I said "Mmmglurph glarp".  Bad
mistake.  As soon as my lips were parted, Hamlets slimy tongue
slipped into my mouth and halfway down my throat.  I honestly
wouldn't mind, except I know what he sometimes finds and eats!
My arms were pinned down by the weight of both the dogs on the
bed spread, and my shoulders were held down by Hamlets paws.
Xanth was lying across my hips, and I was completely pinned
down.  Hamlet had covered my face with drool, and cleaned out my
nose and mouth with his tongue, and worse, I was getting a hardon
that was becoming painful, as it was underneath the bedspread
held down by Xanth.
   Eventually I managed to move my right leg out to the side of
the bed, and gain enough leverage to bend my leg so I could roll
out from underneath the two monsters.  Now that I was free I
leapt onto the bed rolling Hamlet over and pinning him beneath
me.  With his rear legs bent, but splayed out to the side, his
genitals were fully exposed and he was at my mercy.  Xanth was
still lying near the foot of the bed, probably asleep already.  I
sat on Hamlet so his ballbag was pressing against my arsehole,
and our dicks were pressed against each other, my thighs above
his legs, and my legs curling below his legs, so my heels were
pushed against the base of spine, and I began vigorously
scratching my fingers up and down his chest.  Hamlet thrashed his
head to the side trying to bite my knee, and waved his front paws
in the air as I lay on top of him, pressing my naked body against
his chest, and nuzzling the side of my face against his jowls.
   The old hormones were beginning to boil in my bloodstream,
as my dick reached its full engorgement and pressed hard against
Hamlets dick, also beginning to grow, covered in its hairy
sheath.  I sat up and reached behind me to scratch between his
ballbag and anus, making him groan a deep rumble of pleasure and
lick his jowls, causing wet slapping sounds.  Running one hand up
and down his chest and over his small nipples (I don't know if he
has sensitive nipples, but he has never complained, so I guess he
likes it) I could start pulling his sheath back and forward over
his dick.  Instantly it began swelling and extending (these guys
are such pushovers) and it glistened red and wet.  I raised
myself on my knees and pulled his dick back and upright, then
slowly lowered myself onto his hot, pulsing meat.  The point
pressed against my hole, and slowly, slowly I took the full
length of it up my arse.  Hamlets eyes were glazing over, as he
lay perfectly still, savouring the novelty of being screwed on
his back.  Hinging my knees and bracing one hand next to his
ballbag behind me so it could hold and guide his dick, and the
other on his chest I could run my sphincter up and down the
length of his shaft.  Hot meat filled my butt and the sensation
was making my pre-come lubricant ooze out the end of my dick.
   As I reached the end of my strokes, my buttocks pressed
against his groin, and the full length of his shaft inside me, I
would pause slightly, and at each pause, I could feel the base of
his dick swelling bigger.  Until it plugged my hole completely,
still swelling so we were tied together, mated so I couldn't
remove him from inside me if I had wanted to.  Deep, deep in my
hole I could feel him contracting his muscles, and red hot lava
come poured into me: Hamlet at the peak of his pleasure was
coming into my arse, filling me with his passion.  At first, when
I was tied to Hamlet, it felt as though I was being reamed with
a baseball bat, so big was the swelling that my hole could barely
stretch around him, but as I grew more accustomed to it, the
feeling of being so intimately tied to him is so intense, so
fulfilling.
   Still his come was pumping into me making me nearly come
myself.  When I felt him pause, I would squeeze my own muscles
against the whole of his shaft to prolong his pleasure.  Slowly I
edged backward and lay back with a pillow under my hips, so now
we were both laying on our backs, butt to butt, with his pulsing
cock still bound tightly into me, and as I lay back, I was face
to face with Xanth.  I caressed her ears, head and neck, and she
looked up and licked my face, wagging her tail.  I took her
tongue into my mouth, and kissed her on the lips, as I ran my
hands over her lovely silky body, each movement of my arms
causing a reaction that would make Hamlet spurt fresh come into
my depths.  I scratched her down the ridge of her back, and she
rolled over slightly, displaying her magnificent collection of
nipples.  I turned my head so I could take one into my mouth, and
nuzzled my face into her warm, soft belly fur, sucking like a
puppy, and feeling so secure and safe in the embrace of my
animals.  Each time I shifted I would feel Hamlets dick, which
may have been softening a little, surge back to rigidity and a
fresh wave of his hot fluid would squeeze out up my hole.  I was
so blind horny that pre-come was pooling into a small lake on my
own stomach, I was being elevated to a state of randiness that
release would bring oblivion.  I fondled Xanth and sucked her
nipples, while my man was releasing himself to his fullest inside
me.
   We stayed locked into that embrace for at least half an
hour.  Finally, finally Hamlets dick began to subside, I could
feel it letting its tight grip up my rectum start to relent, as
the passion washed out of him.  Sated he was starting to pack up
his tools, as it were.  Me however, I was as randy as they make
them.  I moved to stand up, and I felt Hamlets dick pull right
out of my arse, barely allowing me to keep the semen from
splatting out.
   Xanth raised her head as I got off the bed and looked at me
with her big saggy eyes, thumping her tail on the bed and
stretching a paw out at me.  I scratched the top of her head as
she yawned hugely.  She sniffed my dick and licked casually at
the wetness of the lubricant.  I had an idea, something I hadn't
tried before.  Holding Xanths head still with one hand, I guided
my cock into the side of her mouth, into the flap of jowl.  That
wonderful, intelligent dog of mine stayed perfectly still, not
moving a muscle, as my dick slid it's full length into the side
of her mouth, the head slipping along next to her teeth
(surprisingly they are really smooth, and so well lubed with her
saliva they were slippery like her gums).  Now I could grip my
dick through the flesh of her jowls, and rub the cheek up and
down the length of my dick.
   What an incredible feeling!!  Her mouth was really warm, and
feeling my dick through her cheek was awesome.  I would describe
it like jerking off while your dick is covered in a big, warm,
furry condom, but that really doesn't come close.  Perhaps closer
to giving yourself head.  Anyway the feeling was incredible, and
I began rubbing her jowl faster along my dick, seeing it inside
her mouth, and feeling the fur and my own meat with my hand.
Xanth was still staying stock still, not sure, I guess, what was
going on.  I was getting closer to orgasm, and losing rational
thought, the novelty of getting a blowjob from my dog, and seeing
my dick vanishing and reappearing into the loose flesh of her
jowl, being pressed against my dick.  Now I couldn't hold back,
as I was thrusting into her mouth, rising higher toward orgasm,
until, Pow, Zap zapzap, electricity flowed from my dick, up
through my body into my head, orgasm thudded into me.  Semen
squirted into Xanths mouth, wad after wad of thick, white come
flooded into her.  I dug my fingers into the side of her head,
scratching her ears convulsively as I came, the novelty of the
experience prolonging my pleasure.  And still the waves were
washing through me, coming still, forcing the come into Xanth.  I
gripped my dick again through her flesh, squeezing the last of
the come, and pleasure, into her mouth and withdrawing, even then
small bolts of pleasure gripping my muscles.
   Now Xanth moved, licking her jowls and swallowing my come,
wagging her tail and smacking her lips, enjoying every morsel of
her breakfast snack.
   "Come on, breakfast is ready.  Pancakes and maple syrup"
called a sweet voice from the kitchen.
   "I just got a blowjob from Xanth", I declared in return.
   "And you didn't let me watch, bastard.  Hey," the voice was
closer now, "I thought you'd still be shagged out from lastnights
performance.  I'm still sore from the cucumber." Heather rubbed
her pussy through the thin fabric of her dressing gown.  "Ah!
Don't forget you were going to bath the dogs today."
   Goddamn.  Forgot.  They WERE a bit whiffy, but bathing them
was a tremendous effort.  You imagine trying to keep a dog that
weighs more than you from leaping out of the bath while they are
still waterlogged, or from eating the soap.  Fuckit.  "O.K.
Which one do you want?"
   "Wrong again!  Darryl and Janene are coming over at 11:00
and we are bottling peaches all day.  You get both"
   Goddamn. Both of the monsters.

   Breakfast.  Yummm.  Maple syrup.  Hot pancakes.  Yummm

   The day was slated to be a cracker.  Absolute heaven, blue sky
horizon to horizon, not a cloud to be seen.  Perfect weather to
be doing nothing but lying in the sun like a pregnant lizard, no
worries or cares.  Just bliss.
   Unfortunately I was in the process of wresting Xanth into
the tub.  Twelve stone of eel.  Why, O Lord why don't they like
getting into the tub.  They love being wet, they love getting
washed, they love being dried off.  But they will not, WILL NOT
get into the tub!!!  Eventually (as usual) I just lifted her
bodily into the tub.  We have a huge bathroom, tiled everywhere,
and a great big spa bath, three seater at least.  I wash the dogs
in here 'cause it's easier (I think) than doing it with buckets
outside.
   Washing the dogs is easiest in three sections. Rear first,
then middle, then head.  In between washing their middle and
head, I rewash their whole body.  You see, the first shampoo
barely suds, just washing off the surface dirt, and revealing the
more fundamental mess underneath.  Then their head last, 'cause
neither of them really likes having their ears wet.
   Naked is the best way for me to be too, otherwise anything I'm
wearing fills up with dog hair and clogs the washing machine.
Also, let's face it, I'm kinky as hell!
   While I'm washing them, I like to bring them to orgasm too.
Xanth I played with just before washing her head, stimulating her
nipples with my soapy hands, until she was begging me to enter
her.  Then inserting one finger, two, and slowly fucking her with
my fingers.  She started humping up and down my fingers, really
slippery from the water mixing with her love juices.  I kept my
fingers pushing into her, and letting her hump their entire
length, until she orgasmed, squeezing her vagina muscles onto my
fingers, smacking her lips loudly as she came.  (and burbled as
it came?  Hmmm gives the Jabberwocky a whole new meaning!) With
my fingers as far into her as they could go, I could feel the
convulsions as she bathed in her ecstasy.  Finally they became
less frequent and violent as the pleasure washed out, leaving her
sated.  After I withdrew my fingers, Xanth leapt around and
swatted me playfully with a paw.  40 litres of water leapt around
too, and swatted me playfully.  Sigh.  Most of it would flow down
the floor drain.
   Hamlet I washed the same way (why change a formula that
works, right?), after I eventually got him in the tub, but I
didn't make him come this time.  Nope, I had plans for this
laddie and his meat this time.
   When I had finally got him clean, form the tip of his tail
to the tip of his nose, and in between carefully washing his dick
and inside his sheath as much as possible, and scrubbing around
and in his arsehole (you never know when you might want to screw
him), I rinsed him off, and began towelling him off.  Xanth is
very blase' about being dried:- she just stands there and takes
it, but Hamlet loves it.  He bites at the towel and snuffles
through my legs, trying to rip the towel into tiny bits.  All the
while it gets him horny as hell.
   Dry as I would be able to get him, and with some of the
water cleaned up from the floor, it was time for he and Xanth to
be brushed, something else they both love.  I took them into the
guest room to brush them, listening as I passed the hall to the
sounds of preserving coming from the kitchen.  Darryl and Janene
were with Heather in the kitchen.  Good friends of ours.  We were
slowly sort of negotiating with them a foursome.  It would
happen, but in it's own good time.
   The dogs coats become so soft and silky smooth after they
have been bathed, I can never resist rubbing all of my naked body
up and down theirs.  So soft and warm as I cuddled them both to
me, while I brushed.  I had to brush them alternating fairly
regularly, or one would get jealous and push in between me and
the other.
   I got Hamlet to lie down and roll over so I could brush out
the loose fur on his stomach and chest.  He would wave his legs
in the air and try to bite my knees, making deep groaning noises
of pleasure as I brushed him.  His dick was getting hard too, as
he was becoming horny as me.  Slowly I began rubbing his sheath
over his meat, getting instant response from him, hunching his
hips up to meet my hand, thrusting into it.  I teased him a
little, bringing him close to coming, then pausing, to let him
recede again.  Lowering my head, I breathed in deeply and took in
the scent of him, slightly damp, but clean, and tickled the
sensitive tip of his now huge, pulsing cock with my tongue.
Instantly a jet of almost clear fluid spurted onto my face.  I
grabbed his dick through his sheath hard, and began pumping it up
and down, at the same time sucking on his dick quite strongly.
Hamlet pushed his hips up, sinking his dong into my mouth and
squirting his come into in stream after stream.  His come tasted
slightly salty, but not unpleasant.  It was quite thin, (don't
let anyone tell you it is thick like human come) and there was a
lot of it.  Jet after jet squirting down my throat, as I
swallowed it all, Hamlet pushing his long red dong into my
mouth so my lips were running up and down the whole length of
his wanting shaft.  I sucked harder and more come squirted in,
flooding my taste buds with that warm juice.  I massaged his
balls in their black sack, and pumped the base of his dick.  Now
I was horny as hell, so I sat up and kneeled next to him, still
pumping his dick with one hand, and my own with my other hand.
The slick, clear juice of my own precome covered the head of my
dick, and I could have fucked him up the arse then and there, but
instead after only a few pumps on my super-stiff dick, I began
feeling the tang of orgasm stirring within me.  I leaned over
Hamlet, and pointed my dick at the base of his as I started
spurting my thick come onto him.  I could still taste his sperm
in my mouth as I watched my come splash against his dick, getting
spread over the whole length of his meat by my hand pulling him
off.  This brought a fresh series of spurts from him, and seeing
his come squirt into the air to land high up his chest prolonged
my own orgasm.  Thick come pulsed out my dick again, and began to
flow over Hamlets balls and around the base of his dick.
Electricity gripped me still as the orgasm held me, blind to
anything but the sex between us.
   Not so intense, now the pleasure started leaving me, feeling
drained and exhausted from the intensity of the orgasm.  Hamlet
sat up as soon as I released him and began licking my and his
come off is balls and dong.  Xanth wandered up from sleeping in
the corner and snuffled into my groin, licking the come off my
hands and dick, still getting small twangs of pleasure out of my
anti-climatic state.  I caressed both my dogs with genuine
love, letting them know they were good dogs, letting them both
nuzzle their noses against my body.
   I wrapped a towel around me and went to my room to dress.  The
dogs I left to wander into the kitchen to annoy the cooks.  I
soon followed them into the kitchen, and my wife came up and
hugged me and kissed me on the mouth.  "Thank you for washing
them both.  Have fun?"
   "Same as usual," I said and grinned.
   Heather grinned back and said, "Good.  Hope you still have
some energy left to start the swimming pool with Darryl!"

		by Nevyn


