Archive-name: Affairs/aprilfls.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: April Fools


        A co-worker said to me, "Everybody's got a broken heart story!"  I 
imagine that they do.  I had a lot of trouble getting over mine.  You'll 
never know how many times I wrote this story, reliving the moments 
described here.  This is a true story.  In the interest of my good mental 
health it's far past time for me to post this story and delete all copies I 
have of it and be done with it.  Don't ask me for additional copies, real 
names or real places.  Any mail I receive regarding this story will be 
ignored and forgotten. 

               April Fool's Day of 1981 - "Playing the Fool"
          DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
        I used to work nights at the hospital.  I liked how quiet the 
hospital was on night shift.  With only a few duties to perform, I often 
read all night long.  At the end of night shift would come a beautifully 
still morning, where I could go downtown and take care of daily business 
before most people were awake.
        The only problem with night shift is not being able to sleep with 
my girlfriend, Jane.  Because her schedule was opposite of mine, she had 
stayed home all night and would go to work later in the day.  The only time 
I had a chance to be with her was early mornings.  I treasured these 
mornings we had together.  My future plans at the time included not only 
mornings together, but living our lives together.
        I walked softly down the hall in the early morning light, trying 
not to wake my neighbors in the adjacent apartments.  I opened the door and 
threw my coat on a nearby chair.  I tiptoed to the bedroom door hoping I 
could slide quietly into bed with my lover, Jane.  As I neared the door, I 
noticed it was shut.  As I stood just outside the door I heard a low 
sounding noise.
        I will never forget what I saw next as I walked into the room.  
That moment will replay in my head for many years to come.
        Laying flat on his back was Joe, my best friend, reaching for the 
sheets to cover his nude body and not doing a very good job of it.  Jane 
was laying next to him with her arm and head resting on his large and hairy 
chest.  Still gripping his cock in her hand, she continued to stroke his 
length under the thin covering.  Both were naked under desert print 
designer waterbed sheets. 
        I stood there stunned, like a deer in front of headlights.  A 
thousand emotions ran threw me in just a few heartbeats.  Time stopped.  
The feelings of jealousy, rage, shame, betrayal, love and hate and even 
sexual interest quickly overwhelmed me.  I felt like a flashlight that had 
just been jumpstarted with an arc-welder.  My breakers tripped.  My fuses 
blew.  
        Thought turned OFF.  Then a feeling of numbness.  I just stood there.
        Joe didn't take his eyes off the ceiling.  He just layed there.  
Jane regarded me calmly across Joe's chest.  I couldn't see any emotion 
reflected in her brown eyes.
        Slowly, her knee moved under the sheet and slid across his waist as 
she climbed over him.  The sheet dropped slid abruptly down as she sat up 
astride his lap, looking down at him for a few moments.  Then bending 
forward, she lay on his chest as she kissed him.  She moved her small 
breasts across the roughness of his chest.  Her kisses became more 
passionate and urgent. 
        I saw her hand move between them, reaching down under her.  
Although I couldn't see her hand, I knew she was guiding the tip of his 
erection toward the opening of her sex.  Raising her body slightly, she 
supported herself on both arms.  Jane arched her buttocks slightly and 
with a dreamy smile pushed herself downward onto him, taking as much of his 
cock inside her as she could.
        I couldn't believe it!  They didn't care who was watching.  There 
were no apologies offered, no angry words exchanged.  They simply IGNORED 
me and continued to fuck each other as I stood there.
        Placing her hands flat on his chest she sat upright, rocking her 
hips backward and forward to work his swollen member deeper inside her.  
Leaning back, she flipped her hair backwards out of her face revealing the 
angelic expression on her face as she made love to my best friend.  Her 
enjoyment was obvious as she sat on his lap totally impaled by him.
        Her hands carressed his face and ears, fingers trailing through his 
beard and down his neck towards his chest.  Joe was already holding her 
small breasts in his hands, rubbing her nipples until her areolas had 
darkened.  His large hands curled about her pale neck pulling her body down 
closer to him, bringing the stiffened tips of her tits towards his lips and 
tongue, kissing and sucking them.  Reaching around her shoulders he pinned 
her body on top of his own.
        In a rhythmic and fluid motion only capable on waterbeds, he arched 
his hips upward while he held her tightly, increasing his pace.  Jane was 
unable to move her body, except for her hips.  She rolled her pelvis 
downward to meet each of his upward thrusts.
        Jane's breath escaped her in small puffs as she bore her weight 
down on top of him, filling her womb with his mammoth cock.  The waterbed 
made gradually louder slopping sounds under her movements.  The room filled 
with the sweet musk of sex.  With her eyes half closed, she bucked and 
writhed against him in pleasure as his enormous cock filled her pussy again 
and again and again. 
        Suddenly, Jane's lips parted slightly, releasing a moan.  His back 
muscles strained with the effort to drive his cock upward into her.  Her 
buttocks slapped hard against his hairy legs while her petite breasts 
bounced up and down.  The muscles of her stomach and inner thigh quaked 
uncontrollably as her hips jerked downward, harder and faster, as she 
ground her body into his. 
        "Yes..yes..make-me-come," Jane tried to whisper as she attempted 
to regain control of her voice.  Her face contorted in the immense effort 
of achieving a colossal orgasm. 

        Unexpectedly he reached up to grab her by the waist and flipped her 
from over him to underneath him.  Jane cried out when the entire length of 
his glistening wet cock was violently withdrawn from inside her.  She 
opened her legs into a wide, flat vee, wanting him to finish her.  The 
wetness of her pussy was visible as the folds of her vagina parted and were 
opened. 
        "Oh please", she begged.  "I want you inside me!  Fuck me!  Put it 
back!"
        Joe turned to me and grinned evilly.  "See!  The bitch LIKES it!" 
        Positioning himself directly above her, he suddenly shoved the 
length of his long wide cock into her with a loud grunt.  Her eyes opened 
wide as she cried out at the intensity of being filled again.  Her hips 
jerked upward against his as she wrapped her raised legs around him locking 
her heels across his buttocks, and tightening. 
        "Oh..oh..oh-oh-oh-more-faster-FASTER!", she cried with increasing 
volume.  "I want you to come inside me!" 
        He grunted with each downstroke as he slammed his swollen length 
into her pussy.  The lips of her pussy were visibly swollen from the rush 
of blood to her sexual organs. 
        "OOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH!", she howled as her hips gyrated under his at 
the pinnacle of her orgasm.  Her toes clenched above his buttocks as her 
body contracted under under him.  "Come inside me, quickly!", she shouted 
into his ear, and his grunts became louder and his movements quickened. 
        Soon, his back arched in ecstasy, pumping his sperm deep into her 
womb, his hips moved as if on puppet strings.   Finally he collapsed on top 
of her, obscuring her upper body from my view.  But I could see the sex 
soaked lips of my lover's pussy wrapped around the damp softening shaft of 
another man.
        When he rolled off from atop her, they both gasped at the sensation 
their sensitized glands made as he withdrew his semi-erect penis from her.  
Neither one of them even looked at me.  She laid still on the bed with her 
eyes closed, breathing fast and hard as if she had just finished a foot 
race.  Jane's legs, still open in a wide vee, started to relax and her 
knees fell to lay flat on the bed.  The combined juices of their lovemaking 
were slathered over the inside of her legs and made an ever increasing wet 
spot on the bedlinens.  She basked in the afterglow of their intense 
lovemaking while Joe lit a cigarette.
        Embarassed and hurt, I left the room.  Now that they were finished, 
I hoped she would come out of MY bedroom to tell me it was over between us.  
I went to the bathroom to splash water in my face, hoping it would calm me 
enough to make some new plans in my life.
        SLAM!  The bedroom door had been violently shut sending me a 
message that I was no longer welcome here.  The click of the lock completed 
the finality of the statement.  As I stood in the bathroom staring into the 
mirror, I heard the headboard start to rhythmically bump the wall adjacent 
to the bathroom.
        Jane's moans, muffled through the wall, signalled that she was 
well on her way to another climax.  I didn't have to see her to know that.  
I knew intimately well how she made love to a man.  I can still see her in 
my mind's eye.  I picked up my coat and keys and left. 
-- 
