EDITOR'S NOTE:  Alisha is a "Swinging" young  bi-sexual lady who
absolutely adores sexual pleasure.  She is exceptionally sexy, totally 
uninhibited, very attractive, young, and intelligent.  She and her 
husband (he's straight) travel throughout the country on business and 
would consider meeting other equally desirable couple (with or without 
bi female), females, and men.  They are highly selective, squeekie 
clean, and lots of fun. - Cheri

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


My 1st Sexual Experience ...


                              by ALISHA
                                 POB 1441
                                 Lomita, CA 90717


We lived in a very nice neighborhood next door to a very attractive 
young couple (Michael & Maria). He was very, very handsome (25) and
she was gorgeously beautiful (23). When I was 13 I started visiting 
them and helping out with chores around their house.  Michael was in 
the medical profession and Maria was in the public relations field.

Anyway, I love them both and was always over at there place as they 
were very interesting and fun people to be around. During the summer 
shortly before my 15th birthday, I went over there in the afternoon on 
a Saturday. I knew they were home, but they didn't answer the door so 
I let myself in. I went upstairs as I could hear sounds coming from 
their bedroom. The door was open and as I entered the door way I could 
see that they were naked and on the bed. I said nothing ... just stood 
there in silence and watch.  She was blindfolded, gagged, and her 
hands were handcuffed together through the headboard at the top of the 
bed. Her ass was placed on two pillows and her legs were up in the 
air. His head was between her legs and I watched as he licked her over 
and over again.  Since she was blindfolded she couldn't see me and he 
was too busy to notice me either. The television was on and the sounds 
I had heard were coming from the video they obviously had been watch. 
It was two guys giving a women all kinds of pleasure. It took me 
several minutes to finally realize that it was her and two other men
... one I had seen at there house before, I other I had not.

Needless to say, I was in a state of shock. I just stood there open 
mouthed alternately watching them and the screen. Up until this time I 
was a virgin. Oh, I had allowed myself to be touched by boys ... but 
that was about it. I had never seen a man's cock except for my 
brother's and father's after a shower or something like that and then 
only had catch a glimpse.

Now, before me were these two guys on the screen with great big dicks 
doing everything to this lady ... my next door neighbor. My thoughts 
were disturbed by her voice. Michael had removed the gag from her 
mouth and she was telling him to fuck her. Over and over again she 
said it.  When he raised up from the bed I saw the biggest cock I've 
ever seen. It was massive ... very thick and a rulers length. And, it 
was beautiful!!!


                                 (1)
He rammed it into her again and again and she cried out at what I
thought at the time was pain and that he was hurting her terribly. He 
stopped for a few moments to unhandcuff her and then I could she that 
she was enjoy it as she grabbed onto him, clutching his ass when her 
hands and seemed to be trying to drive him even deeper and deeper into 
herself. My nipples were hard and aching, and my pussy was hot and 
flowing. I was so caught up in my enjoyment that I didn't even notice 
her remove the blindfold.  He pounded her and pounded her until I 
heard him say I'm going to cum.  She said she wanted it all over her 
and he pulled out and shot it all over her tits and face. He started
to put it in her mouth when she saw me standing in the door way.

She was mad as hell and yell at me ... what are you doing Alisha, what 
are you doing here? I turned and started to run down the stairs.  He 
caught me at the front door. I was scared to death and didn't know 
what he was going to do to me. I could take my eyes off his cock which 
was now just hanging there and dripping cum onto the floor. He ask me 
to come back upstairs and discuss this with them.

By the time we got back to their room she had put on a robe, and shut
off the video. Michael was very relaxed but Maria was noticeably
shaken and concerned with what I had seen. However, once we sat down 
she took control of the conversation. She said that they were very, 
very sorry about this but that I shouldn't have just come in to their 
home and come upstairs unannounced. We talked about a lot of things, 
and how I felt about what I seen and them personally.

I don't recall everything I said, but eventually I told them that I 
had found this very exciting and had feelings I couldn't really 
describe.  Michael left the room to get us some juice or something to 
drink and Maria and I talked a lot more.

l ask her if it hurt when Michael just rammed his big cock into her.  
She said that yes it did for a few moments, but that it was a pain she 
loved and one of pleasure. She added that someday I would enjoy it 
also.  She already knew I was a virgin, as we had had several 
discussions on the subject over the past year ... we all had discussed 
sex openly on a few previous occasions. My parents were very 
open-minded people and began teaching each of us about sex at early
ages. So, I wasn't dumb, just inexperienced.  However, I has seen
things that day I knew nothing about, and told her this. She began to
explain some of them when Michael came back.  Maria brought him up to 
date on what our conversation had covered and some of my questions. He 
then told me that Maria enjoyed having sex with more than one man at a 
time and that he enjoyed watching and participating in her pleasure. 
And, that it was the same for her. That she enjoyed watching him with 
other women and that he found great pleasure in having more than one 
women satisfy his desires. Maria then said that she was also bisexual 
and that she enjoy making love with other females too.

I told them both that I thought this was beautiful, that they were 
beautiful, that I loved them both and that I hoped to someday have the 
same type of relationship with my husband (if and when I got married). 
I told them that what I had seen was the most exciting thing I had 
ever witnessed in my life ... both on the bed and on the TV screen. 
Maria was a little embarrassed when I told her I knew the woman in the 
video was her. She started to deny it until I mentioned the friend who 


                                 (2)
I had seen many times at their house. She told me this (that she was
going to deny it) but was relieved in some ways that she didn't have 
to.

I went home and thought of nothing else but them and what I had seen
for two or three weeks.  I masturbated and fantasized every night and 
many times on the weekends just thinking about this. I wondered what
it would be like to have Michael touch me, kiss me, put his big dick 
in my mouth, feel him deep inside me, etc., etc. I also wanted to 
touch Maria very badly. I would lick my fingers tasting my nectar and 
pretend it was hers.  She was everything I hoped to be as a woman ... 
beautiful, sexy, big full breasts, gorgeous legs and ass, and had a 
handsome, loving husband ... with a big, beautiful cock. Over and over
I thought of sharing pleasure with them.

Well, a month later it happened. I went over there early one Saturday 
morning to help Maria do something (I don't recall what at the 
moment).  It didn't matter as we never got to it. Michael wasn't home 
and we sat around talking. The conversation eventually led to what I 
had seen and I ask if she would show me the video. At first she said 
no, but I persisted and she gave in. We got on the bed together and 
watched one tape after another for several hours. I could tell that 
Maria was very hot and bothered (me too but I didn't say anything). I 
watch her do absolutely everything with men (as many as four at a time 
sharing her in every way possible) and with women. The latter were the 
best, except for those of just her and Michael together. They loved to 
tape their love making sessions and I was told they had over 100 such 
tapes.

We were still watching when Michael got home. At first Maria was going 
to shut it off, but decided not to. He came in and was initially 
upset.  But, based on what he said I could tell that they had 
discussed this previously and also knew it would most likely happen.

He took a shower and then join us for the last part of the tape. When 
it was over I asked if they would consider letting me watch them make 
love.  They looked at each other and then said yes in unison.

We sat and talked for awhile and pretty soon I asked if they were in 
the mood to do it now.  Maria stood up and began removing her clothes. 
They look at each other and smiled. I thought that meant they were 
just teasing me and said so.  With that Michael removed everything but 
his briefs. I got off the bed and sat in a chair across from the bed.  
My eyes must have lit up like Christmas tree lights when Maria dropped 
to her knees before Michael, pulled down his underwear and opened her 
mouth like a bird waiting for a worm. He wasn't even semi-hard yet, 
probably nervous about this, but was still very large. She put her 
hands on his ass and pull him closer to her and reached out with her 
tongue and guided his dick into her mouth.

With in seconds he was raging hard and enormous in size and she was 
licking and sucking him like crazy. Running her tongue up and down his 
long, thick shaft ... flicking the tip around and under the big
mushroom head and licking and gently suck his nearly tennis ball size
nuts. She ask if I wanted a closer look and I moved right next to her.
Then she ask if I wanted to join in. I definitely did and we worked
over his meat for a long time. Every once in awhile her lips met mine


                                 (3)
(sometimes with his cock between them) and when this happened it shot
sensations throughout my body. She also occasion would took my breasts 
with her hands and roll my nipples between her thumb and forefingers. 
God this drove me crazy.

She got up on the bed, flat on her back and spread her legs wide. 
Michael began running his tongue from her toes to her knees and she 
fingered her pussy and massaged her clit. She ask if I wanted to join 
her on the bed for a better look. As soon as I got there she suggest I 
might be more comfortable without so many clothes on. I literally torn 
them off, everything but my panties which were soaken wet and had been 
for some time. I tired to hind this fact with my hands, but Maria I 
didn't have to cause they knew I'd be hot and flowing at this point. 
Michael was now licking her pussy ... long slow licks from asshole to 
clit and back again, over and over. Maria shut her eyes and began to 
moan softly.  She again touched my breasts and played with my nipples. 
She then touch my hand and placed it on her big tit. My hand just 
seemed to now what to do, and without further encouragement or 
instruction I began to suck and lick her nipples and Michael eat her 
pussy. She must have had 10 orgasms at least.

Michael then ask if I wanted to taste her. I told him yes, very much 
so and very badly. I got between her gorgeous and shapely legs and 
licked and sucked on her they way I hoped she would someday do for me. 
My ass was high in the air and I could feel Michael's presence behind 
me, then his breath on my skin. He slowly ran his gentle hands over my 
ass and up and down my inner thighs. He press his hand sideways up 
between my legs and into my crotch and sort of sawed his way into my 
slit. His knuckle was pressing against my throbbing clit and I came 
for the first time (produce by someone other than myself). He slowly 
pulled my panties down to my knees and began running the tip of his 
tongue around my asshole. I came again. I had all but stopped licking 
Maria, but I could feel her hands on my tits and nipples. She was 
pulling them harder now. Michael raised one leg at a time and removed 
my panties completely and while continuing to lick my asshole began 
fingering my pussy. Shortly I came again, and again. He spread my 
knees a little more and stood up behind me. I turn my head so I could 
see him and his cock was very big and erect. He moved closer and began 
just running the head of it against me everywhere. The heat of his 
meat felt fantastic. He didn't attempt any penetration with it, just 
massaged me. Every once in awhile he would run it all the way through
my slit and Maria would ask me to look at it. The big head would be 
covered with my nectar (actually I was flowing all the way down to my 
knees and onto the bed).

Maria ask me if I wanted it and I said YES, YES, YES!

Michael was very gentle and began to penetrate me very, very slowly. 
It hurt like crazy ... I mean hurt as in pain ... and just when I 
wanted to yell for him to stop ... it began to feel wonderful. But, 
right then he did stop. Maria pulled me over on the bed next to her 
and began kissing me all over ... very slowly and passionately. She
push me onto my back and spread my legs. She wasted no time in 
beginning to eat me and Michael shoved his cock into her at the same 
time. I could feel every thrust through her mouth, tongue and nose 
which was being driven into my clit and driving me wild. When Michael 
was ready to cum I told him to please shoot it all over me as I had 


                                 (4)
seen him do on the tape to Maria. She moved out of the way and he did.
I loved it ... feel his hot cream hit my face and body. He rubbed his 
dick all over me and let me lick their combined juices from it. I 
loved that too.

Since it was nearly 6:00 pm now and I had been there all day, I called 
my parents and told them I was going to be staying for dinner and 
spending the night there. I had done this many times before (but not 
for the same reason).

I didn't have any intention on eating anything for dinner except them 
... they didn't either. When I got back on the bed Maria had gotten 
out some sex toys and lots of different creams and oils. We did a lot 
of exploring and experimenting together.

She fucked me with several dildos and I did the same to her. This was 
great fun. After she finished, I asked Michael if he wasn't going to 
fuck me. Michael said he didn't think it was a good idea ... that he 
could get into a lot of trouble by doing so. I told him I wanted him 
and that I doubted he could be in any more trouble than he already was 
if that was my intention (which it wasn't). Maria said that I wasn't
on the pill and that accidents happen. I begged them both ... told 
them I would do anything to feel him all the way inside me. That I'd 
had a taste of it and that it would be cruel not to finish what we had 
started. Maria went into the bathroom and return with a condom. She 
put it on him and he gave it to me. To this day, I have never been 
with a man as big or a man who knew how to use his tool on me better.

Needless to say, I spent a lot of time with them until graduating from
high school and moving away to college. I still see them when I visit 
my parents and we still share pleasure together.

Perhaps, we too, can develop an interesting and stimulating
relationship in the near future???

Sinfully yours,

Alisha


PS -

If you're a "Swinger" ... male, female or couple ... and would enjoy
exchanging hot letters and good quality photos and videos with me and
others please write.  Include the type of material you wish to
receive ... you will receive what you send!  However, if you are a 
"lookie-lou" and just want to check me out ... then you must send 
$10.00 and a SASE (self-addressed, stamped envelope) for a reply.

I (we) love it ALL except harsh pain and are totally unshockable.  I 
operate a "Computer Listing Service for SWINGERS" ... so, if you
wish to place an ad, purchase lists of swinging females, couples and
some exceptional men (all with photos) please read the "README.1ST"
file downloaded with this file.

I'd greatly appreciate it if you would upload these files to ALL adult 
BBS boards you can.  Thanks a lot.


                       (That's All ... For Now)
