                A Day in the Life of Suzy Jenkins
                         An Erotic Story

     "And now ladies and gentlemen, we bring you 'The continuing 
saga of The Life of Suzy Jenkins. . . 10-year-old.'  Yesterday, 
as you remember, Suzy had just given her father a blow-job, when 
her mother walked in the room.  Seeing that her little girl had 
taken every bit of her father's cum inside her mouth, not even 
pulling off when the man's enormous cum came running out her 
nose, Marlene figured that Suzy was old enough to learn more 
advanced methods of getting her father off, and had suggested 
that Max teach their little girl how to make a baby.  It is at 
this point, that we resume our story.  But first, a word from our 
sponsor."

     "Family condoms are really great.  They keep you from being 
late."
     "Yes boys and girls, FAMILY condoms really work.  If uncle 
Max comes to town, and wants a piece, and you're trying to get 
pregnant by your father, by using FAMILY condoms, you can keep 
everybody happy!  Just slip one old uncle Max, and he can cum 
inside you, without you having to wonder who knocked you up.  And 
for boys, FAMILY condoms are just the thing, if your friend wants 
you to try out his mother, but still wants to be sure the baby is 
his.  That's why they're called FAMILY condoms, because they keep 
families together!  For a free demonstration, call 1-800-FREE-SEX 
and two of our representatives will be out to demonstrate.  One 
of each sex, so whichever way you swing, one of our FAMILY 
members will be glad to show you.  You can try sex, both with and 
without FAMILY condoms, so you'll know what it feels like.  And 
children under 10, don't have to get their parent's permission to 
call, as this is federally approved for all ages.  Remember kids:  
This offer is FREE to anyone under the age of 16.  Those between 
the ages of 17 and 24, will have to pay the "sin-tax" of 40% of 
the value of the service offered, or usually about $5.00 for 10 
minutes.  Those over 24, will have to pay the full fee."
     "Just remember boys and girls,  FAMILY condoms help you be 
in the family-way, with the member of your family, that YOU want.  
Now back to our show."

     "Well Suzy, would you like your Daddy to teach you how to 
make a baby?"
     "Gee Daddy, would you?  I thought I'd have to wait until 
next year, when I was 11, just like Ginny did."
     "Well, you seem to be learning a lot faster than your 
sister.  Ginny's already 14, and she just got pregnant for the 
first time.  The neighbors were beginning to make remarks, about 
how I was neglecting her, and you know that's not true."
     "No.  I've watched you fucking Ginny, and you always were 
careful to do it right.  She certainly can't complain that you 
pulled out, or something like that.  Some people are just slower 
than others, when it comes to sex.  Heck, my grandmother didn't 
get pregnant until she was 16, and then her grandfather had to do 
it."
     "No!"
     "It's the truth.  Great-grandpa was even accused twice of 
neglecting her, but he was able to show he had been fucking her 
at least once a week, since she was 11.  He might have been 
accused of being impotent after that, but all the other girls had 
babies before they were 12.  So you see, it does run in the 
family."
     "Gee Momma, if I even wait until I'm 13 like Ginny, all the 
kids at school will make fun of me.  I'd never live it down, if I 
waited until I was 16 to have a baby!"
     "Don't worry Honey.  These days, they've got medical 
assistance, that can help girls as young as 7, or even younger 
get pregnant."
     "Gee Momma, you mean I could have had 2 babies by Daddy by 
now?"
     "It's possible.  I've heard of girls as young as 4 getting 
pregnant, and as young as 5 having babies.  That's awful young.  
Your father and I think that even 10 is a little young, but 
you've been growing up so fast, that we hate to hold you back, if 
you want to do it."
     "I want to.  Really Momma.  Can Daddy do it right now?  I 
want to learn how to make a baby, so Daddy and I can practice, 
until I get it right.  Please Momma?"
     <Sigh>
     "OK dear.  Max, You go ahead and show her what to do.  Just 
remember, go easy on her.  She's just a little girl."
     "Momma!  I'm 10 years old!  I'm not a baby."
     <sigh>

     "And now, a word from our sponsor."
     "Be sure to tune in later today on KNOB-JOB TV, when the 
whole family can't figure out why all the girls are getting 
pregnant, when Mikey uses the douche-bag to jack-off into, on 
'Brothers and Sisters' this afternoon."
     "Also, be sure to watch the 'Opra Nymph' show, where the 
discussion centers around abused children, 'Fathers who refuse to 
impregnate their daughters.'  where Opra introduces us to several 
children who's fathers not only didn't love their kids enough to 
get them pregnant, but some of whom actually refused to have sex 
with their children at all.  Opra also introduces us to some of 
the parents, as they try to explain this unusually extreme bit of 
cruelty to children."
     "Tomorrow, be sure to tune in, when uncle Boris shows 10-
year-old Jeremy Markam, how to impregnate his little sister 
Marsha, so the 7-year-old girl can be the first one in her first-
grade class, to have a baby on 'Her Father's Daughter'."
     "Also, be sure to watch the Olympic tryouts for the sexual 
athlete of the year.  The fuck-offs start at 2:30 in the 
afternoon, and continue until the last man can't get it up."
     "On Tuesday, be sure to watch 'School Daze' where Marcia is 
failing bestiality in sex-education class, so the family rents a 
goat, so that she can practice for the finals.  Thing really get 
funny, when the family finds out that 4-year-old little Diane 
does a better job of getting the goat off, with her tight little 
cunny, than Marcia can."
     "Also, at 10:00 tonight on the news, we'll have the update 
on the Marla Lampbert trial, where 16-year-old Marla is suing the 
school, because she was the only girl in her class, who didn't 
get raped, in the last semester.  She claims discrimination, on 
account of religion, as she always wore a cross around her neck.  
The school claims that they don't control which girls get raped 
by the students, as they might be liable for physical damages, if 
they did.  Marla claims that the psychological damages of being 
the only one NOT raped, are greater than the physical ones 
inflicted on her fellow students, and blames the school for 
sheltering her.  This should be an interesting case, as the 
school presents its evidence by having the other students tell 
every detail, and even re-enacts some of the rapes on camera with 
the original participants.  Marla's attorney is expected to 
rebut, by showing how much fun three of the other girls in her 
class had by getting pregnant, while Marla was denied even a 
chance at being the class slut.  Marla is also expected to use 
her own uncle to show in court just how qualified she is as a 
rape-candidate, by demonstrating her sexual techniques on him, in 
front of the jury.  So stay tuned, as KNOB-JOB TV keeps you up to 
date, on all the juicy details."
     "Now back to our program."

     "Daddy, are you really going to show me how to make a baby?  
How to fuck, and get knocked up like Ginny, and everything?"
     <grunt>
     "Uhuh.  Just as soon as I"  <grunt>  "Get these clothes 
off."
     "While your father's getting undressed, why don't you just 
lay back here on the bed dear, and play with yourself.  That'll 
help excite your father, so that he'll have lots of baby-stuff to 
squirt in you, when he's ready."
     "OK Momma.  Are you going to watch?"  <pant>  <Pant>  "Oh!  
It's starting to feel good, already!"
     "If you think I'm going to miss it, the first time my 
husband knocks up our little girl, you're crazier than I am.  Now 
you try and make it good for your father, when he 'cums' in you."
     <huh>  <huh>  <pant>  "H. . . How's that Momma?"
     "Once Daddy gets his cock all the way up inside you, squeeze 
on it, each time he starts to pull out.  That'll milk the sperm 
out of him, and help you get pregnant."
     "OK Momma.  But How do I squeeze?"
     "Just like you were holding back, when you have to pee.  
That makes your vagina clench around your father's cock, and 
makes it feel real good to him.  Oh look.  Your father's ready 
now."
     "Oh wow Daddy!  Is all that going to go inside me?"
     "Uhuh.  Unless you don't want it.  You can always suck me 
off again, if you'd prefer."
     "Oh Daddy.  Don't be silly.  Fuck me, and get me pregnant.  
I can't wait to feel your baby kicking and squirming inside me.  
Please Daddy?"
     "Ok Honey.  Here it comes.  One little baby in one little 
girl!"

     "And now, another word from our sponsor."
     "FAMILY products is proud to announce our latest addition to 
the FAMILY line:  The FAMILY conception kit.  This kit is 
designed to be so easy to use, that even a three-year-old can use 
it.  In fact, it comes with a demonstration tape, with our FAMILY 
girl Charlene, who's three years old, showing all you kids how to 
use it.  The FAMILY conception kit contains 12 dozen FAMILY 
condoms, for Daddy to use, when he's working with his sexretary 
at work.  It also contains the patented FAMILY impregnator, that 
can extract the semen from up to three used condoms at once, and 
implant it in your womb, with just one squirt.  Remember:  Only 
the FAMILY impregnator, has the patented "womb-finder" nozzle, 
guaranteed to find and penetrate your cervix.  Also included in 
the kit, is a two months supply of "SUPER-OVULATOR" pills from 
our FAMILY subsidiary IMPREGNOCON, along with two jars of 
SKIN-SO-STRETCH, super-relaxor.  With these newly developed 
stimulators, even girls as young as three years old can ovulate, 
and get pregnant, as Charlene demonstrates in the included 
instruction tape, by not only having her father get her pregnant, 
but delivering his baby, and having her father impregnate her 
again, all before her fourth birthday.  Every step is shown on 
tape, so that you'll know just how to get your own father to 
knock you up, from first seduction to final delivery.  Don't be 
the last girl in kindergarten to have a baby, use the FAMILY 
conception kit.  This product is FREE, through a government 
sponsored program to all children under the age of 12.  Just 
remember, FAMILY products does not guarantee that ALL female 
users of our conception kit will actually get pregnant, only that 
they'll have the chance."
     "Now back to our program."

     "Oh Daddy, It's going in!"
     "Ungh!"
     "Ow!"
     "Sorry.  Ugh!"
     "Oh Daddy.  It hurts!"
     "Your father's got to break your cherry dear."
     "Does he have to Momma?  Can't he just squirt the stuff that 
makes babies inside me, like Mary's father did?"
     "Do you REALLY want to be the only virgin in your class 
dear?"
     "No, but why does it. . . OW! . . have to hurt so much?"
     <whimper>
     "Just a little more, Honey.  Ungh!  There."
     "Ow!  Momma it stings."
     "Just a little bit now.  Daddy's all the way up inside you 
now, and he's going to squirt his sperm inside you, so you can 
have a baby, just like Momma, and your big sister did."
     "Do it Daddy.  Get me pregnant."
     "Easy Suzy.  If you keep squeezing on my cock like that 
I'll. . . Oh SHIT!"
     "Oh Daddy!"
     "Unngghh!"
     "Uh!"
     <grunt>
     "Huh.  Huh.  Huh.  Daddy!"
     "Oh Suzy.  I love you!  Daddy's cumming in his little girl.  
Oh.  Oooh.   Oooooohhhh, Suzy!"
     "Oooh.  I love you too Daddy."
     <pant> <pant> <pant>
     "Was that good Dear?"
     "Oh YES, Momma.  I feel so warm and creamy inside."
     "See, I told you you'd like it."
     "Momma?"
     "Yes Dear?"
     "Am I pregnant yet?"
     "It's possible, but probably not.  Most girls don't get 
pregnant their first time.  If you're not though, I'm sure your 
father could be talked into trying again, until you are."
     <sound of a pillow hitting a soft body>
     <giggle>
     <giggle>

     "Well folks, that's it for todays show.  Be sure to tune in 
NEXT week, to see if Max did it right, and actually got little 
Suzy pregnant on the first try, or has to keep on trying until he 
does, on 'The continuing saga of The Life of Suzy Jenkins. . . 
10-year-old.'  Brought to you by: FAMILY condoms, the only condom 
allowed by the federal government to have only a one per-cent 
leakage-rate, instead of the usual ten per-cent, as FAMILY 
condoms are designed for family PLANNING, instead of prevention, 
along with the rest of the complete line of FAMILY products.  
Also, be sure to tune in later tonight, when FAMILY products 
presents a special show on:  'Babies having Babies' or 'Three-
Year-Olds pregnant by their own fathers', a frank discussion and 
actual demonstration of the new Alpha-Byzmatian ovulatory 
stimulator pills, and the new super-relaxants, that not only 
allow a three-year-old girl to take a full grown man's penis all 
the way up inside her vagina without tearing, but to actually get 
pregnant and have her own father's baby, without resorting to 
surgical methods.  We'll show actual footage, of a 3-year-old not 
only GETTING pregnant by her father and carrying his baby, but 
delivering their child without needing anesthetics, or screaming 
in pain."
     "And now, another word from our sponsor.  This is KNOB-JOB 
TV, and the time is six o'clock"
     <bong>
