			    Barkley's Switch
				

     Commander Barkley looked down at the computer panel.  Good God I'm 
bored, he thought.  When he joined Starfleet he had expected excitement, 
adventure, not boring clerical work.  He found his attention wandering, 
as it often did, to Ensign Anderson.  She was new to the Enterprise, and 
she was a knockout.  Long dark hair, and a figure which seemed to be  
trying to burst out of her regulation Starfleet uniform.  Barkley had 
already programmed her into the holodeck, but he wanted to know her IRL.

     He almost dropped his tricorder when she walked over and talked to him.

     "Hello, Commander Barkley" she said, as Barkley tried to maintain 
eye contact, "Have you heard the news?"

     "What, well, oh, um, no.  What news?"

     "We are to report to Transporter Bay 7 to beam down to the surface 
of Rymor for a geological survey.  The rest of the away team is on the 
planet, and we will catch up with them."

     Barkley couldn't believe his ears... finally, a chance to work up 
close with this dream woman.

     "We are to leave at 0700 hours," she finished.  Barkley mumbled a 
response, and went to his quarters to get ready.

				* * * * 

     Barkley was at the Transporter Bay at 0630 hours, barely containing 
his excitement.  When Ensign Anderson showed at around 0645 Barkley 
almost passed out.  She was wearing a new Starfleet away uniform... a 
skin tight bodysuit.  Her figure was even more impressive than before.  
I'll have to adjust my holodeck program, thought Barkley as he looked at 
his stunning assistant.

     "I'm so excited," she said, "I've never done an away mission before."

     "Well," said Barkley, trying to sound impressive, "You get used to 
it."  Truth be known, he was terrified of transporters, but he'd never 
let on around this amazing young woman.

     "Take your positions" said the Transporter engineer.

     As Barkley stood on his spot, he couldn't help but stare at Ensign 
Anderson.  He closed his eyes as the energizing began... and noticed 
something seemed wrong...

				* * * *

     After what seemed like an eternity, he opened his eyes again.  The 
slight disorientation he was used to from transporting was there, but 
amplified tenfold.  He felt like he had a synthahol hangover... He looked 
around the area, and there was much confusion.  It was as if there had 
just been an explosion... people scurrying around, calling for help.  He 
felt a wave of nausea wash over him as he began to black out.  Just 
before he went unconscious he could have sworn he saw two people carrying 
his body... but he was watching them from across the clearing...

				* * * * 

     Before he opened his eyes he knew he was in sick bay.  The sounds, 
smells, and discussion were all too familiar.  A transporter accident?, 
he thought.  He opened his eyes to see Doctor Crusher leaning over him.

     "There, there," said Beverly, "You're going to be okay.  There was 
an accident, but you've only sustained minor injuries."

     Barkley opened his mouth to speak, but couldn't.  He passed out 
again as Doctor Crusher injected him with a sedative.

				* * * * 

     "Well, how is our patient today?" asked Dr. Crusher.

     Barkley opened his mouth, and barely a squeak came out, "Okay."

     "That's okay, don't try to speak.  We're going to have you stand up, 
and try to move around.  If you feel queasy, let me know."

     A large male Nurse helped him off the table.  Whoa, he thought, do I 
ever feel strange.  His body proportions seemed all wrong.  A lock of 
hair fell in his eyes, and Barkley wondered just how long he had been 
passed out.

     As the Nurse helped him to slowly move around Sick Bay something 
caught his eye... his reflection in a large mirror.  Or to be more 
precise, Ensign Anderson's reflection.  "Oh my God," said Barkley.  As he 
was passing out again he realized it was Ensign Anderson's voice he had used.

				* * * * 

     Counsellor Troi, Doctor Crusher, and Captain Picard met in the ready 
room to discuss this strange situation.

     "So Ensign Anderson believes she is Commander Barkley?" asked Picard.

     "I believe it is more complicated than that, Sir," said Beverly, "I 
believe Ensign Anderson IS Commander Barkley."

     "But how?"

     "I asked Geordi, and he said there have been a handful of strange 
Transporter accidents like this one over the last few hundred years.  
Most of the bugs have been worked out... but the explosion on the planet, 
coupled with Barkley and Anderson beaming down at that precise moment 
must have triggered this... mind switch."

     Counsellor Troi interjected, "And beyond a doubt, Ensign Anderson's 
body is now inhabited by Commander Barkley.  I can sense his emotion 
patterns..."

     "We seem to have quite a problem here..." said the Captain, "Does 
she, or he, rather Barkley know about the accident?"

     "No" replied Beverly.
 
     "Then he does not know that his body is... dead?"

				* * * * 

     "Finally, someone with some answers..." Barkley sat in Cousellor 
Troi's office.  "Now you all believe that I'm who I say I am, what's 
going on."

     "Commander Barkley, you were involved in a Transporter accident 
which has left you... well, in a unique position"  Counsellor Troi said 
calmly.

     "I had figured as much... but why can't anyone DO anything about it?"

     "Barkley, this might be hard to accept, but your body, your original 
body, is dead."

     "What?"

     "It, along with, I presume, Ensign Anderson's mind, was killed in 
the explosion."

     "So I'm..."

     "Yes, I'm afriad so... you are stuck in that body."

     Barkley had to hold back a laugh.  All the time he had wanted to get 
close to Ensign Anderson's body... and now... "Can't they do any surgery, 
or something to make me a guy again?"

     "I think any cosmetic changes would be unsatisfactory... I do 
believe it would be best if you accepted this body as your own."

     "What?  I'm a guy!  How can I go around being a woman, I mean LOOK at 
me.  I'm a Vulcan's wet dream!"

     "I understand your frustration, but please try to relax.  I have 
created some programs on the holodeck to help you with your transition..."

				* * * * 

     Barkley got up and walked to his quarters.  He couldn't help but 
notice the looks he got from the male officers as he walked.  He looked 
at himself (herself?) in the mirror.  Long dark hair, long legs, full, 
round breasts.  Shit, thought Barkley, If I had a dick I'd have a raging 
hard-on right now.

     He thought about what Counsellor Troi had said about the holodeck.  
What the hell, he thought, at least it would pass the time.

     As he entered the holodeck he accessed the program.  "What level?" 
asked the computer.  "Might as well start at one," he said.

     The room became a girls bedroom.  Barkley looked at himself, he was 
a seven year old girl.  There were two other girls playing with dolls.

     "Computer, stop program.  I've got better things to do than play 
dolly.  How many levels does this thing have?"

     "Twenty-Seven"

     "Alright, give me level twenty-seven, then"

     "It is unadvisable..."

     "Just give me level twenty-seven"

     "Program level twenty-seven, execute"

     The holodeck became a seedy bordello.  Barkley looked at himself - 
he was dressed in a translucent purple robe.  He had gold earrings and 
jewlery on.  "Oh, this is a joke... computer, st..."

     And then the music began.  Barkley tried, but could not, to escape 
the rhythm.  Soon he was gyrating on stage to the pleasure of the crowd.  
I can't stop, he thought.  He then noticed a man walk in the room... 
Commander Riker?

     The music stopped, and Barkley, still with no control over his 
movement, walked over to the Riker hologram.

     "Hiya hunky, buy me a drink?" Barkley could not believe he had just 
said that.

     "How about something a bit more... exotic" replied the Riker hologram.

     "Whatever you want..."

     Riker picked him up and carried him to a private room.  Barkley 
began to strip what little clothes he had off, and Riker keld him in a 
passionate kiss.  Soon the two were on the bed, intertwined.  Barkley, or 
at least Barkley's new body for he had no control over his actions, 
kissed down Riker's stomach to his now fully erect member.  Taking it in 
his mouth, Barkley slowly gyrated his head up and down the shaft, faster, 
until his mouth was filled with hot, salty cum.  After a few minutes 
Riker was ready again, and this time he pushed his manhood deep into 
Barkley, thrusting away again and again.  The pulsating of flesh grew 
into a crescendo... Barkley could feel Riker depositing his load deep 
within his new vagina.  And then, like a tidal wave, Barkley was hit by 
orgasm after orgasm.  A small moan escaped his lips as he blacked out...

				* * * * 

     The new cocktail waitress in Ten Forward was quite the hit, both on 
the job, and espescially after her shift.  Ensign Barkley wasn't that 
bright, but she sure knew how to suck cock, just ask any of the guys down 
in Engineering.

     "So you mean to tell me that is Commander Barkley?" asked Captain 
Picard.

     "Well, sort of," replied Counsellor Troi, "I had installed some 
programs on the holodeck for him to adjust to his new body, and as far as 
I can tell, he skipped all the lower level behaviour modifiers and 
went right to the highest level - sex.  Without the lower level 
behaviours he imprinted on the only image of womanhood he was given - a 
total airhead bimbo."

     "And there is no way to correct this?" asked Picard.

     "Not unless the patient makes an effort.  And from what I've seen, 
he seems to like being a bimbo... I guess his conscience is too deeply 
buried."

     "Very well then, I'll process the paperwork for the demotion and 
identity corrections..."

     Later that evening, in the Captain's quarters, Ensign Barkley showed 
his appreciation in his own special way...

THE END
