Archive-name: Bondage/banker1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cynthia meets the BANKER: Part I


We meet for the first time in a crowded subway station in Manhattan.  I, a
successful investment banker, dressed in only the finest.  You are dressed in a
beautiful white evening dress that just barely covers your ass.  We get on the
train together just casually exchanging glances and I find I seat in the back.
You are forced to stand in front of me holding a handle attached to the subway
car.  People are squezing you from all sides, it is 5:25 and everybody is going
home for the evening.  It is a normal trip home you think until you feel a hand
caressing your ass ever so gently.  You think to yourself that somebody
probably brushed up against you but it continues with more intensity.  I am
going to make this lady come, I think devilishly to myself as I rub your ass,
just enough to make you wet for my future plans.  You can't believe how hot
this train has suddently become.  I procede to step two of my plan.  I run my
fingers down your leg so slightly that you barely feel them.  When I get to the
bottom, I slowly work my way back up to your awaiting tunnel of love.   I am
not too surprised to learn that you aren't wearing any panties.  I keep
thinking to myself what I would love to do to this beautiful creature if there
weren't hundreds of people around.  I procede to put my hand on your bare ass
under your dress.  I can feel the heat your body is radiating.  You Jump when I
run my finger between your checks giving you unmesurable pleasure.  I feel your
wetness emminating from your steamy cunt.  I gently carress your pussy and
flick your clit with my middle finger.  You push your hips out to me to enhance
your pleasure.  Just at this moment, I pull my hand away and continue to read
my Wall Street Journal.  I wouldn't want you to come that easily?  You can't
believe this unbelievable pleasure has ended so abruptly.  "Damm.  Just when I
was about to come.  Oh well.  I will just have to finish the job myself when I
get home," you think to yourself as you peek over your shoulder.  You see four
men sitting behind you all within reach and all looking at you except for a
hansome wall street type reading his paper.  You quickly rule him out and
decide it must have been that dirty minded old man with the sly grin.  You give
him a quick smile, after all you haven't been this hot since the time your
older brother's friend sneaked into your room and woke you by licking your
pussy or the time you walked in on your brother while he was masterbating and
coming all over your virgin panties.  The subway stops at your exit and you are
disappointed that you have to get off.  You walk two blocks and enter your
apartment feeling along the way that you are being followed.  You quickly go to
your dressing table and withdrawl your handy artificial cock, unfortunately the
batteries are dead.  You go to the bathroom and turn on the water in the tub to
HOT, the same condition you are in.  You take off all of your clothes and just
as you are about to get in, the doorbell rings.  You have a lovely body and are
a bit of an exhibitionist so you procede to the door completely naked with your
dildo in your left hand.........

Part II

I am pleasantly surprised when you answer the door wearing only a white shirt.
I can see that I did my job well by the hardness of your nipples.  "Can I help 
you?" you ask.  "Yes, I am the man from the bus who has a job to catch up on.  
Take off your shirt and lie on the bed."  Excited and a little bit afraid, you 
do as I ask.  I walk over and inspect my prize, you are 5'6" with a very firm
body and average size tits.  I stare into your beautiful blue eyes.  I pull out

blindfold and tie it around your head.  "I am going to give you the longest,
most intense orgasm that you have ever had."  Your lips are so beautiful, I
feel I must taste them.  Just as you are really starting to get into our kiss,
I stop and begin to place you on your other sexual level.  I slowly run my
fingertips slowly over your body starting with your neck and proceding to your
arms.  My fingers glisten up and down your arms.   You feel yourself starting
to let go and becoming extremely relaxed.  My fingers then move over your chest
making sure not to overly excite you.  They slide between your breasts and I
circle your breasts with my fingertips and blow some warm air on your aching
nipples.  You shudder as I do this and I procede to run my fingers over your
stomach and I kiss your stomach as I do this.  From here I run my fingers down
your leg and back up making sure not to touch you where you want to be touched.
My fingers glisten your other leg.  As I work my way back up your leg, I plant 
one after another kiss.  My finger continues to go up your leg slowly and I 
caress your clit gently as I pass.  I can see your body shuddering so I flick 
your clit roughly with my toungue.  "Oh yes! Lick my clit!  I am about to come.
 Lick it, please lick it."  With that I know I got you where I want you.  I 
stop,  grab your arms and tie you to your bed.  "What are you doing?  I was 
just about to come.  Please make me come.  I am so hot, I need to come."
"Don't worry," I say, " you will come when I want you to and not before."  I 
kiss your pussy and leave.  You can't believe this is happening to you.  You 
are tied to your bed and can't move a muscle.  Luckily I don't have to work 
tomorrow you think to yourself.  You stay awake for hours waiting for that man 
to return.  You would do anything to relieve the heat that had built up between
your legs.  Alas you fall asleep.  You are awakened the next morning with 
sounds of men's voices.....

--
