                               Lynn's Bedroom

        I arrived at Lynn's house Friday night, at 6:49 pm. The birthday
party was at 7:00, so I had time to scope out the house. I rang the doorbell,
and Lynn answered the door. She was tall, skinny, and pale. She had brown
hair, highlighed with gold. She had a round butt, and a flat chest. She 
invited me in, and showed me around the house. The house began to fill, as 
more people came. 
        At about 7:45 I wandered upstairs, and opened the door to Lynn's 
bedroom. I closed it behind me, and sat on her bed. I looked around her 
floor, to one side was a pile of dirty clothes. I dug through them, and saw 
pantyhose, panties, bras, skirts, sweaters, and other sexy attire. I pulled 
out one of her panties, and wrapped them around my dick. The silky, smooth 
fabric rubbed up against my stiff cock as I pulled it up to my face, sending 
a wonderful sensation through my body. I put the panties to my nose, and 
inhaled. Her sweaty, fish-like crotch smell added to the sensation. I brought 
it down to my dick, and began jacking off when the door opened, and Lynn 
stepped through, she closed the door. I got up and kissed her, squeezing her 
soft butt. She leaned her head back, clutched my dick in her hand and I 
softly brushed my lips down her neck. She wrapped her arms around me. I 
turned her around, unbuttoned her blouse and rubbed her sides. I cupped my 
hands around her small tits, and began to gently massage them. I unsnapped 
her bra, and squeezed her nipples slightly. She jerked at the sudden pain, 
but then relaxed. I unbuttoned her jeans, and unzipped the zipper. I slowly 
pulled her jeans down and began to stoke her pussy through her soft, silk 
panties. I touched her thighs, stroking them moving upward to her panties. 
She pulled my head forward, rubbing my face up against her warm smooth skin,
and panties. I bit down on the front of her panties, and kissed my way down 
the inside of her thighs, pulling the silky, smelly undergarment down. They 
were down to her knees just as Carrie walked in the room, so I pulled the 
back up. Carrie was dressed in a tight mini-skirt and a silk blouse. Carrie 
locked the door, and walked up next to me rubbing her large breasts against 
my back. I pulled Lynn over to the bed, and threw her on it. I jumped on her, 
pinning her there, while I tied her arms to the brass bedposts with her 
pantyhose. 
        "What are you doing?" Lynn asked panically. 
        "Shut up, Lynn!" Carrie commented sternly. I turned to Carrie and 
layed her down on the bed next to Lynn and kissed her. I gently stroked her 
legs, moving upward, and began rubbing her thighs. I reached up her skirt, 
stroked her crotch and ripped out her panties. I pulled her skirt up, around 
her waist, and rolled her over. I pulled her buttcheeks apart and inserted my 
dick in her cunt. I fucked her hard, pumping with all my might. 
        "Ohh! Uhh! Ehh! Ehh! Oh! Oooh!" she moaned wildly. I grabbed a 
handful of her hair on her head, and pulled back, bending her backwards. Her 
tits stuck out, and I pinched one of her nipples as hard as I could. She 
screamed, and tried to escape, but I held her there, still fucking her hard. 
"OWWW," she cried, and began to cry at the pain. 
        "Shut up, bitch!" a Lynn commanded. I stuffed Carrie's panties in 
Lynn's mouth, forcing her to taste Carrie's dirty underwear. Carrie's cries, 
became stifled whimpers, and I pushed Carrie down so she was laying on Lynn. 
I tied her hands to the bedposts, with another pair of pantyhose. I reached 
into Lynn crotch, and pulled her underwear off, and crammed them into 
Carrie's mouth. I tied their legs together, and tied them to the end of the 
bed. They were now at my mercy, I could do whatever I wanted to them, and 
they wouldn't be able to do anything about it. I went over to Lyndy's closet, 
and pulled a large belt from the hangar. I folded it up, and spanked Carrie's 
round, soft, tan ass. SMACK!
        "OWWWWW!" She struggled desperatly at her bonds, but I continued 
spanking her. WACK! "AAHHHH!" TH-WACK!  "AHHHHHH!" SMACK! "OOWWWWWWW!" I went
behind Carrie, and inserted my fingers in her pussy, gently moving them in 
and out. "Oooh...oh! Oh! Uhh! Uhh! Uhhh!" I pushed my hand up farther, until 
my whole hand was up her pussy. I kept pulling and pushing, each time 
listening to Carrie moan. I kept pushing farther each time, and now the 
middle of my forearm was in her cunt. I pulled and pushed, and I began to 
speed up. "OOH! Ohh! OH! Ohhh...Uhhhh...Uhhh...Ohhh..Oh..Uhh..Oh..ooh...Oh! 
Ohh!" She began gyrating her hips and humping Lynn. "OOHHHH...OOhhhh...OOOH! 
Uhhh...Uhh!" I pulled out each others panties from their mouths. 
        "Kiss...or I'll spank both of you HARD!" They immediatly began 
frenching and licking each others mouths. I touched Lynn's soft pussy lips,
and then gently inched my way into her wet cunt. She began moaning uncontrol-
ably when my fingers reached her clitoris, and I began wagging them back and 
forth.
        "Oh yeah...Oh! Oh! Oh..more..mmm..mo-more! MORE!" She begged. I 
responded by shoving my hand harder, and now my hand was surrounded by her 
pussy. I pushed up hard, and pulled until my knuckles were out, then shoved 
my arm up her cunt. Then I pulled it out again, I began shoving harder...then 
quicker. "Ohhh..Ohh..Oh! Uh..uh..uh..uh..OH! OH YES! YES! YES!" She moaned as 
she began humping and gyrating her hips, and then she had an orgasm...cumming 
all over Carrie's body. I pulled my arm out, and untied her. I clenched a 
handful of her hair, and forced her face into the puddle of cum, some of 
which ran down Carrie's crack, and made her lick every drop of it up. I layed 
down on Carrie's back, and inserted my dick in her cunt, which was warm, wet, 
and throbbing. I slowly began to fuck and hump her, as she moaned out in 
pleasure. I picked her up, and fucked her doggy-style. I reached in front of 
her, and began to massage her soft breasts with hard nipples. I motioned to
Lynn to lay down, so she was facing Carrie. I fell on Carrie, slamming her  
body on the bed, and her face into Lynn's cunt.
        "Eat her...or be punished," I commanded her. 
        "No!" She said in a shaky voice. 
        "What?!?" I screamed.
        "N-Noo..." She studdered. 
        "Well...I guess I'll have to make you think twice about that." With 
that, I crammed Lynn's dirty panties back into her mouth, and untied her. I 
wrapped her face in the pantyhose, giving the effect of a blind fold. I stood
her up, and pulled one of her arms down to her foot, and tied it there. I did 
the same with her other arm, and layed one of Lynn's bigger belts on the 
floor. I set Carrie down on the belt so it was just above the back of her  
knees. I wrapped the belt up, and fasted it together on her back. Now she was
touching her toes, blindfolded, gagged, with a belt securing her in that 
position. I layed her down on the floor, on her back. I layed down between 
her buttcheeks and began to lick and suck her defenseless pussy. I got up, 
raised my and smacked her ass with my hand quickly four times, giving her no 
time to react. She let out a muffled scream, and began to cry. I untied her, 
and she immediatly walked over, opened her mouth and began sucking and 
licking Lynn's crotch. Lynn wrapped her pale thighs around Carrie's head, 
pinning her head there. She rolled her head and gave a small "Ohh...Carrie!" 
every once and a while. I kept fucking Carrie and she had an orgasm, moaning 
wildly while I fucked her, and she came. Her juice oozed out her cunt and on 
to the shaft of my dick. I pumped and pumped, listening to Lynn moan, while 
Carrie ate her twat. I pulled my dick out, and crammed it in her asshole, and 
randomly switching from her asshole to her cunt, and back again, until I 
came. I shot my cum into her cunt, watching her flinch and moan each time I 
sqirted my hot cum in to her pussy. 
        "How was it?" I asked them.
        "Damn, I really enjoyed it," Carrie said.
        "Oh...I thought it was fun, and exciting. But...we never got to
fuck each other. We'll have to do that next time," Lynn responded as she 
put her blouse on.
        "Wait...give me the panties and bra, I want to keep them," I said.
Lynn pulled her blouse off, and handed me her bra. She went over to the bed,
picked up both her's and Carrie's panties, and gave them to me. Carrie pulled 
off her bra, and also gave it to me. I put them in separate zip-lock bags, to 
preserve the odor.They continued to dress, and so did I. Carrie and Lynn 
walked out, while I walked over to Lynn's backpack, and pulled out her 
address book. I ripped the sheet out with the other girls address' on it.
(This is Chapter 4 of 6...and then some)
