                         At the YMCA

                             by
                           Wallad


   During the March school break our class organised a week visit
to the city.  The boys were staying at the Y and the girls in
some cheap hotel.  We really enjoyed the Y facilities; the great
fun was that the pool regulations required that we do not use any
bathing suits.  That was embarrassing at first, but we quickly
got used to it and playing in the pool in our birthday suits
developed a nice relaxed friendship between us.
   There were some men also in the Y.  At first we ignored them
and then we realised that they did not ignore us.  We started to
show off and we enjoyed the fact that they were watching.  Most
of us were 12 years old, just at the beginning of puberty.  I was
a bit taller than my friends, but, to my despair, I had no trace
of pubic hair.  I easily had an erection, and since it was a full
4 inch long; it was hard to hide.  Once in the showers a man was
really gazing at me, and to my immense embarrassment, I started
having an erection.  Everyone noticed it and made fun of me, so I
had to rush to my towel.  We frequently teased each other this
way; so I thought that the incident would be of no consequence.

   I was wrong!

   I met the same man several times:  In the cafeteria, he was
having lunch at the same time as we did; he watched TV at the
same time; twice in the corridors we met - I knew that those were
not just coincidences.  The others did not notice, but I knew
that he was always looking at me.  Once I dared to look back
thinking that I would discourage him.  But I noticed a very sad
expression; his eyes did not turn away; we stared at each other. 
My anger vanished; I was fascinated by his eyes; they were
speaking to me; I was the first to look away.  The memory of his
eyes stayed with me.  He reminded me a bit of the way my puppy
looked et me; sort of saying "if only I could speak".
   I did not sleep much that night.  I had nightmares of someone
calling me in despair.  His eyes were everywhere.  I was
perspiring heavily.  I finally slept a few hours and I was awaken
by our councillor.  It was quite late and everyone was waiting
for me.  He noticed that I had a bad night and the program for
the day called for several hours of hiking.  I just wanted to
sleep; I asked him if I could stay in and he accepted.
   I managed to sleep a few hours in the morning.  When I got up,
I noticed that the Y was practically empty.  I went around a bit. 
I was not used to being alone and I quickly got bored.  I thought
that a shower would wake me up.  I had the whole shower room for
myself; I took a long shower, whistling, relaxed.  I enjoyed my
freedom; I had finally forgotten the man.
   The shower room was also a washroom; occasionally someone
would come in, go the washroom, and then leave.  Until I noticed
that someone had come in but I had not heard him leave.  So I
turned around, and here was my man; staring at me more intensely
than ever.  He was just standing there not even trying to appear
as if he was doing something else.  I blushed; turned my back to
him, and again this damn erection came back.  A full erection,
pointing upward.  I wished he had not noticed; but I knew that he
knew.
   I could not do a thing.  I waited, hoping that he would leave,
that my erection would go away.  I was scared; I could not really
turn around, but I knew that he was there, staring as usual.  I
felt his eyes on my bums as if they were hands.  I was very
excited; I thought I would have an orgasm without even touching
myself.  I waited a long time; forever it seemed.  It was
ridiculous; what was I afraid of?  This man was a pussy-cat; I
could not stay like that for ever; I gathered-up my courage
turned around and walked towards my towel that was hung on the
wall just behind him; my full erection ahead of me, as if it was
the most natural thing on earth.
   As I went passed him, he took my penis in his hand.  He just
held it there.  I think he was as afraid as I was.  I completely
froze.  I could not move.  I could not say a word.  I felt
hypnotised.  I just looked at his hand; I did not try to move
away.  It was not me.  I was back in my nightmare.  That was all
unreal.  I was going to wake-up.
   Then his hand started to stroke my penis up and down slowly. 
I never thought that it could feel so much better when someone
else did it.  His other hand started caressing my bums, squeezing
them.  I was shivering and feeling burning hot at the same time. 
He sensed that, took my towel and started to dry me up; lovingly. 
No one had dried me up since my mother used to do it; it was the
same loving hands; I was a small child again; back in the unreal.
   Then somehow I snapped in and I tried to walk away.  He did
not let me go.  He lifted me in his arm carrying me as if I was a
baby.  I noticed that he was very strong, at least twice my
weight.  I was back to being a child in the arms of my mother; I
did not try to free myself; it was good to be in his arms.  He
pushed the door of the shower room with his foot and took me in
the corridor in his arms.  Naked as I was, it was crazy; thank
god we did not meet any one.
   When we got to his room, he squeezed me hard in his arms and
blocked me against the door as he put a hand in his pocket to get
his key.  The squeezing was a bit painful, but pain did not
matter; anticipation was making me dizzy.  He managed to open his
door without letting me down; he got in; closed the door with his
foot; went towards the bed; pull the sheets over and deposited me
with great tenderness as if I was a delicate treasure.
   Strangely my erection was gone.  It was not that I was scared;
it was just unreal; I felt that I belonged in this bed; it was
not sexual any more.  I was his baby.  He moved away, and just
kept on staring at me.  His eyes told me that my body was an
exquisite beauty.  I knew I was beautiful; I had often looked at
myself naked in front of a mirror, but it was nice to see it in
his eyes.  He had said nothing; I had said nothing.  Why talk? 
Talking could not express the confusion in my mind or the
intensity of his obsession.
   He took his cloth off.  He had a huge erection - Twice my
size.  I don't think I had ever seen a penis that big.  I did not
know it could be that heavy; it was pointing almost downward.  It
was ugly and gross.  My penis was so light, so fresh compared to
this mass of dark colour and messy hair.  It was ridiculous.  I
was the one staring; I knew I was attracted as by a magnet and my
full erection came back.  I think that at this moment I realised
that I was going to be gay - all my life.
   He came towards me.  He sat next to me on the bed and gently
stroked my hair, still a bit wet.  He thought I was cold and he
actually covered me with the blanket.  He did not need to stare
at me any more, I was in his brain.  He tucked me in; I closed my
eyes; he kissed them.
   The back of his hand caressed my cheek.  He kissed me between
the eyes; he went down along my nose; kissed lightly my closed
lips and then furiously buried his head in my neck, kissing,
eating.  I almost thought he was sobbing.  His arms around my
head, he kept me locked in, squeezing hard.
   He stayed like that a long time and I was startled when his
hands started to move under the blanket.  He massaged my arms,
spent some time in my armpits; kissed them; moved to my breasts;
kissed my nipples; his hands moved downward.  He caressed my
belly, teasing me by barely touching my erect penis.
   Then he pulled the cover exposing my shivering body.  He
seemed to admire the sight of my penis pressing hard on my belly. 
His fingers ran all around it without touching it.  He wanted me
to be hungry.
   Then he moved in to lie down on top of me.  His huge balls
landed softly on my small testicles.  Something passed between
them; they became one entangled mass.  His penis came along mine,
but his reached beyond my belly button.  His breast fell heavily
on my chest.  His mouth was all over me kissing, licking, biting.
   He ate my ear lobs, my chin, my nose; every part of my face
had been in his mouth.  His tongue forced my lips open and he
invaded me.
   Down there, his balls were moving constantly, slipping between
mines, right, left, in between.  Our penises were intertwined;
his legs engulfed mine; we were making knots.  All parts of his
body were working at the same time; but they were in perfect
harmony.  And my body was responding; searching the most intimate
grip; trying to pass as much current as possible.
   I did not want him to stop.  Each time I was about to
ejaculate, he felt it, lifted up to let my balls and penis take a
rest and as soon as the urge was gone he was back in, rubbing
me - all of me.  Slowly the frenzy started, his mouth in my neck,
his body was pressing against mine with all his weight; I knew
that this time there would be no stoping.  I was the first to
shoot my load; a glorious conquest I would never forget.  And
then he started to shoot and shoot; I was inundated in his semen.

   We laid there exhausted, wet and sticky.

   Reality came back.  What was I doing there?  It was totally
insane.  My hunger was gone, the man next to me was a monster. 
His smell disturbed me.  He still had an arm across my chest.  I
just laid there, empty, hating him.  I think he knew I did not
want him any more.  He stood up, took a towel, dried me up, dried
himself.  He pulled the blanket over me, tucked me in and moved
away.  I was thankful for that.  I needed to be alone.  I was
tired.  I just wanted to sleep.  I did not want to think.
   Later when I opened my eyes, he was sitting on a chair,
looking at me sleeping.  All the sadness of the world was in him. 
I was not angry at him any more.  He was not a monster.  We had
shared a great pleasure and I knew he could be a friend.  I
smiled and he smiled back.  It was our first non-sexual exchange. 
We both knew that we should not speak.

   He sat next to me.  His hand invaded me under the blanket and
caressed my balls.  It felt good, this man knew my body more than
anyone; he had a sense for the perfect timing, the perfect
pleasure.  My erection came back at full strength.  His mouth had
joined his hand; he was licking my penis.  His hand on my balls
became more insistent and with a with a big suction he pulled my
whole erection in his mouth.  I gasped.  I have been sucked
thousands of time since then, but no one ever managed to give me
the same sensation.  The hunger, the apprehension, the surprise
and the shift from gentle licking to a wild suction; I thought I
was going to shoot another load right away.  But he sensed it,
pulled out and squeezed the base of my penis, killing the orgasm
just before it started.  This guy was an expert; he was
manipulating each of my sensations with precision.
   He repeated it several times; I thought my orgasm was
unavoidable each time.  But he always stopped it.  My urge to
shoot was becoming a panic.  Would he ever let me?  His sucking
was in fact quieting down.  His hand would still massage my balls
and his mouth was becoming very gentle.  And then finally,
finally, he switched again to a fast tempo sucked me as a furry;
I thought that my penis was coming off and I started a very long
orgasm.  The accumulation of several aborted orgasms came out; I
shot again and again in his mouth; he was avidly swallowing every
drop.
   He laid there exhausted.  This time I did not feel any
repulsion.  I was thankful that he had worked so hard to give me
pleasure.  I still had an erection and he was still staring at
it.  My semen in him was a bond.  I knew I loved that man.

   He laid behind me turning me to my side.  He had one arm under
my head and the other was holding me tight; his lips, his whole
face was lost in my hair.  The rest of his body was glued to my
back.  I could feel his testicles rubbing my bums; his stiff
penis between my bums and protruding up into my back; his legs
were all around me; I was completely in him; I was him.  I was
back to being a baby in my mother's arms; my body relaxed; my
erection disappeared; my mind started to drift and I fell asleep.
   I woke up to a cool sensation at my ass hole.  He had me
laying on my stomach.  He was on top of me upside down.  His face
inside my bums, his knees around my head, his hands were holding
my ass cheeks apart while his tongue kept on licking, his lips
eating.  It felt fresh.  I was wandering whether I was really
clean down there.  Well, with all this licking, I must be cleaner
than ever now.
   His testicles were pressing on my hair; his penis in my neck
felt good; they were keeping me company as his face was hard at
work; giving me new sensations.  My penis was back in full
erection, of course.
   He started to slide down; his lips eating my thighs; his penis
rubbing my back.  His face got to my feet as his penis was in the
crack of my bums; his testicles gave me caresses at the top of
the bums while his face was buried in my feet kissing them.  He
sucked each toe - each his own way, his own angle.  His testicles
and penis were massaging my bums.  As crazy a position as it was,
it felt very natural; each part of our bodies were meant to be
linked this way; it all fitted perfectly.
   After making love to my feet, he would slide back up and eat
my ass a bit more, then he would return to my feet.  Each time he
came back to my ass, it was a bit wilder, he was almost biting
into it.  He pushed his tongue against my tightly closed hole.  I
took a chance and relaxed a bit to let his tongue in.  Again it
seemed as his tongue was made for that.  It started to reach
areas that were unexplored.  Sensations totally new.  That is
when I learned that my body had an insatiable depth of pleasure. 
Every part of me was meant for pleasure, even my anus,
particularly my anus.
   And then he got up, I felt a shiver, it was cold.  For the
last few hours he had been my blanket, a very active blanket.  I
felt rejected, abandoned.  I looked at him, his eyes had lost any
tenderness; now it was madness.  He looked at me angrily with no
reason; his eyes were saying "now it is my turn".  I was scared
and felt paralysed again.  He came back towards the bed, put me
on my side facing the wall, he bent my upper leg and pushed it up
as he was reaching for something in the night table that I could
not see.  After covering the middle finger of his right hand with
lubricant, his left hand pulled my upper bum while his 
lubricated finger pushed in.  The pain surprised me.  I reacted
scared.  He pushed my leg up a bit more and held me tight.  No
more caresses, now it was his business, his pleasure.
   He did not move and waited with his finger barely one inch in. 
I knew what was going to follow and I was terrified.  There was
no way that this huge penis of his could fit in me without
tearing me apart.  With one finger still in, he laid down next to
me and started back his caresses, his kisses on my neck.  The
pain diminished my muscles relaxed.  He pushed his finger all the
way in - mixture of pain and pleasure.  I knew I should relax and
it became mostly pleasure.  His finger was exploring and that
felt good.  He was turning, moving sideways.  I knew he was
trying to enlarge me and I cooperated moving my leg up.  He
withdrew his finger and went back in with two fingers.  A bit
more pain; I was wide open; I knew I was ready for coupling.
   And he knew that too.  He slid a condom on his enormous penis. 
As he put a hand on my mouth; I started to panic; I could barely
breath.  As I was trying to fight his hand off, I almost forgot
that the centre of his attention was my ass.  The tip of his
penis was pushing against my ass hole.
   Now I knew that I should really panic.  I tightened my ass
muscles; there was no way I would let him in.  But with a big
shove he pushed in.  I screamed; it was an incredible pain; more
pain than was imaginable; that was too much; he was cutting me
up.
   In fact he had barely got the head of his penis in.  He
stopped moving.  Just putting enough pressure to resist my wild
attempts at pushing him off.  After a while I stopped pushing and
I tried to relax again; it was unavoidable so I better cooperate. 
As I was quieting down, he gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek as
to apologize.  He kept on kissing my hair and his hand was
caressing my face.
   He started pumping his penis ever so slowly.  But as I started
to accept the pain, he put his hand on my mouth a second time and
made a big shove, reviving the pain all over my body.  That was
pure sadism on his part.  It was not necessary, he could have
gone in gently.  But he wanted to feel my fear; he wanted to keep
my anxiety tuned in.  He stopped moving when he was all the way
in; I could even feel his balls.
   After a while he started his pumping motion again, quietly at
first but with an increasing tempo.  I discovered that deep
inside me there was pleasure.  I discovered that with the pain
there was pleasure; pleasure of being used; pleasure of giving so
much ecstasy to a man that was now part of me.
   I was back in full erection and I knew that I could shoot
again anytime.  One would think that his penis sensed that. 
After every pumping exercise, as I was getting to orgasm, he
would stop and wait.  Only to start again, slowly, raising the
speed, getting to a wild frenzy, he was pushing my body up the
bed, slamming his balls against me.  He was forcing me to follow
his rhythm - relax when he wanted to relax, get to climax when he
was getting there.
   That lasted a long time, the stretch of my ass was not
bearable, but I did not really try to push him out any more. 
Finally, in a wild fast phase I knew he could not stop; he went
all the way, shooting inside me - and I shot too.  We kept on
jerking together, completely synchronised as if we were a single
body.  We were both consumed.
   He lost his erection right away, while mine was still up.  He
pulled out, giving me one last sharp pain.  He removed his condom
and threw it away.  He laid behind me as before; held me tight;
and fell asleep.  I could not sleep any more.  I could feel the
cool wet sheet under me, from my own semen, but I did not mind. 
I still had some pain down there, but I did not mind.  I knew
that now I had part of him in me; for ever.  

   I was not a child any more; I had entered adulthood by the big
door.  All fear was gone.  As he slept, I thought I was guarding
him.  Now he was mine as much as I was his.
