AROSE-2.sty

Chapter II  Wife is tied, fucked and used by 3 horny men

***************************

     Laying around the house one Friday afternoon, Ed and I
had fucked and sucked ourselves dry, at least Ed was dry.

     "You know honey, I would love to see you on film."
Ed made small talk as we lay back relaxing.  "Think Dave
would mind me filming you two fucking?"

     I thought about what Ed said and thought Dave would love
it.  Ed suggested that I call Dave at work, his office.

     "Dave, guess who?"  I laughed a bit as Dave seemed
flustered by her call.  "Wanta fuck?"  I offered.

     I explained to Dave what Ed had in mind and he agreed.
He said he would be over in about an hour.  Ed and I were
nervous as this would be our first time for him to be with me
as I partied with another man.

     I selected a red dress, short, with great peek a boo
breast opening on top and my highest heels.  My nails were
done in red and I picked a red red lipstick.  I looked nice.
I felt nice also and my pussy was humming a I dressed.

     I heard the door bell and voices as I prepared to go
down stairs.  On the lower landing I stopped and possed as
I saw Dave and Ed waiting for me.  Damn I felt sexy.

     Dave came over and took my hand and kissed me warmly
and led me to the couch.  He was very complimentary.  Ed was
fussing with a camera as Dave got right into it.  Dave wasted
no time as he kissed me deeply and his hand went inside my
dress, easy to do and cupped a tit.  Ed was out of the room
when Dave sat me on the edge of the couch and opened his
pants and shoved his cock in my mouth.

     I heard the camera and saw the flash as Ed started
taking photos.  The game changed for now as I concentrated on
how I looked for the camera.  I wanted Ed to get some really
sexy shots of me.  I pulled my dress up all the way to my
crotch and pursed my lips around Dave's cock.  Dave was now
just an instrument for Ed and I to use for the photos.

     Dave wasted no time cuming.  In just seconds he was
filling my mouth with cum.  I let some escape my mouth and
run out on my chin.  SEXY!!  I then prolonged it by tonguing
Dave's cock and slurping away on it as Dave got over the cum
shot.

     Well, that backfired.  Dave stayed hard and soon was
ready for another go at me.  Dave pushed me over on the couch
and settled between my legs and in a flash I was penetrated.

     "Oh God!"  What a feeling.  In a second Ed was forgotten
and the camera.  The marriage was forgotten.  Once again I
was a open cunt, a slut in heat.  Dave pistoned me pretty
good and hard.  As I was climaxing or starting Dave shot his
load in me and stopped.  He stood and was talking with Ed as
I was rubbing my pussy and clit wanting more.

     Dave came to me leaned over and kissed me hungarily. He
pulled me to my feet and led me upstairs.  Then he had me lay
on the bed as he pulled Ed's ropes from under the bed and the
ankle and wrist straps we played with.

     "Oh my gosh, you know about those?"  I wailed.  "Ed told
you."

     Dave fastened the straps to my wrist and ankles and the
ropes and tied me spread eagle to the bed on my back.

     "There you are, beautifully available whenever I want
you."  Dave left me like this.

     I have to admit this was beautiful torture for me and
something I love.  My pussy was melting as I thought about
what Dave would do to me later.  I liked being helpless and
wondering when Dave would return for me, to use me, fuck me.
It seems hours passed as I waited.  My pussy was wet with
anticipation.

     Then the door opened and Dave walked in and leaned over
me and pushed his cock in my mouth, still soft his cock soon
was throbbing as I rolled my head and tried to take it all in
but Dave just teased me.

     As I worked on Dave I felt two more hands on me stroking
my legs and crotch.  Then two more hands on the other side.
My mind went crazy and my body was tingling all over with
heigthened need.  There were two more men in the room feeling
me up as Dave pushed the head of his now hard cock in my
mouth.  Tied as I was I could not move or see who they were.
Dave kept pulling my head back toward his cock as I tried to
look.

     It seemed so far away, not me but I felt it.  A hard
cock was pushing inside my pussy.  Ohhhhhhhhh!  That was so
good.  Somewhere the camera flash went off and i was blinded
but my cunt was opening wider as it was invaded below.  My
head was roughly pushed to the other side another cock took
Dave's place.  About the same size this one was harder, like
a steel rod.  The owner pushed fully in and his pubic hair
smothered me as his cock head roughly entered my throat.
     I was in heaven.  My mouth was full and my pussy was
filling ncely and I had hands all over my breast.  My legs
strained against their bonds and I wanted to lift them around
my invader.  Laying flat the pressure on my clit was enormous
and that cock was moving slowly steadily inside me.  My cunt
opened more and more as it continued cuming in.  I felt my
cunt muscles spreading for it.

     My mouth was easily adjusting to the fucking it was
getting.  And then I felt the head of that big dick pushed
against the end of my pussy.  Another man was straddling me
and laying his cock between my breast, pulling them together.
Where was Ed and who were these men.  Ohhhhhh damn I wanted
to cry out, tell them I loved them all.

     Then they all pulled back but the one in my pussy.  A
big man he was poised above me and he was now fucking me with
steady long strokes.  He must be hugh I thought.

     Ed, Dave and the other man stood at the end ofthe bed
where the sexy Rose was getting hammered now.

     "This may take awhile," Dave said.  "I have seen him go
on and on for a long time.  Ralph is the only man I have ever
seen fuck a woman into submission."

     "Yea!, well look at the size of that cock.  Won't any of
us touch the sides of that pussy when he is done."  The
other men starred in admiration as Rose was fucked by big
Ralph.  Their view was great as they could see her slit
opening and  moving as Ralph steadilly pounded her hole.

     Rose definitely felt like a slut as she took Ralph's
best shots.  This unnamed man using her pussy for his, well
their pleasure.  Her head rolled side to side as she moved
the only way she could.

     Ralph looked down on the pretty brunette.  Good piece of
ass he thought as he plowed into her.  He was glad he knew
Dave and was ask to fuck this hot bitch.  Dave had put him on
to 3 or 4 married women and he was still fucking them from
time to time.

     "Call my name bitch, Ralph,"  Ralph told Rose.  "Beg for
it or I will stop.  Tell me you like it.  Let your husband
know you are geting the best cock you ever had."

     Ralph stopped fucking and loosened and removed her wrist
restraints and ankle restraints.  "Want to see her move,"
He said.

     Oh what a relief I felt as Ralph freed me.  I brought my
legs up and hooked my heels behind his back.  My high heels
were still on.

     "Fuck me ralph," I almost screamed.  "Give me that big
cock.  Sooo Big!!  You can fuck me anytime."

     Ralph hurt me a bit now as he went farther inside me.
There was a little pain deep where the end of that shaft
banged into me but it was easing.  I liked it. He was good
and felt good.  I had dilated a lot from his entry in me.

     By the time Ralph climaxed I had cum several times.
The other man mounted me doggy style and I liked that, my
favorite position, as it it made me feel used and helpless
as though tied up.  I was leaking gobs of cum when Dave
mounted me again.

     In the missionary position Dave told me how beautiful I
looked and how much he wanted me.  I climaxed again for Dave.
Then Ed fucked me as the others, hard and fast and I climaxed
again for him.

     Ed and I cuddled and slept.  I did not know what
happened to the others, but my body was very relaxed and hot.
Ed told me he loved me and liked seeing me have so much fun.

     Later, still dark outside I woke to hands moving over my
body.  It was Ralph.  Ed lay beside me and he seemed asleep.
I did not care at the moment as Ralph's hard cock was in my
hand, he had a finger buried in my pussy and he was stroking
my breast.  Standing by the bed Ralph's cock was poised over
my face.  I did what any sexy wife would have done.  I let
him put it in my mouth.

     Ralph became hard as steel and he moved down and mounted
me missionary style.  A little sore still, I appreciated his
slower movements.

     "Oh baby, you feel sooo good,"  Ralph whispered to Rose
as he fucked the young wife.  "I want more, lots more of this
pussy."

     I heard Ralphs request and liked hearing it.  His cock
was doing a number on me as he pushed and pulled slowly.  I
did not know how Ed woud feel about this but I really liked
Ralph fucking me.  I whispered in Ralph's ear, "Honey you can
have me any time you want."

     Well that got Ralph going and he started slamming me
again.  I like it hard and I was getting it.

     Ed woke to the feeling of the bed moving.  Inches away
he saw Rose spread out under Ralph getting fucked again.  The
bedside clock showed it to be about 5 AM and he had to think
what time they had quit, maybe 2 AM.

     The sounds of Rose moaning, pleading, and crying out as
Ralph fucked her followed Ed down stairs as he went toward
the kitchen to get coffee started.  Dave was on the couch and
the other man was on the other couch.  Shit!  Ed thought why
didn't they go home.

     In the kitchen Ed could still hear Rose fucking up
stairs.  He knew Rose sure liked Ralph's big cock.  It made
Ed feel inferior seeing her respond to such a big cock, and
enjoying it as much or more than she did his cock.

     Ed took his coffee in the living room.  Dave was awake
now.  The other man was gone.

     "Where is your friend,"  Ed ask.

     "Well, he said he wanted more of Rose and headed up
stairs,"  Dave said.

     Ed listened and sure enough Rose was into another and
louder mode now.  She was getting it again, he thought.

     Dave smiled, "Sounds like ol Pete is into her again."

     So Pete was his name, Ed thought.  Hummm!  Dave, Ralph,
Pete, and Ed.  Rose sure was having a big night.

     "That is one horny chick,"  Dave said.  "You are one
lucky guy to have such a woman."

     Well I was well covered about that time.  Pete had come
up as Ralph was filling me with another load and straddled me
with his hard cock for me to suck.  I did and Ralph finished
and Pete took his place.  I felt loose and empty with Ralph
out of there.  Pete was not getting it done for me.  He had a
nice time though for about ten minutes.  A much smaller man
in every way Pete pounded away and soon climaxed and left.

     Minutes later Ed came in.  He kissed me, ask how I was,
and started playing with me.  I was not in the mood to be
fucked again.  I told Ed that and he smiled and said he
understood.  Ed kept on kissing me, sucking my titties and
slide down and pushed his face in my crotch.  I knew I wa a
mess and I could feel cum running from my sore and abused
hole.  Now, no one eats pussy like Ed and I wanted that.
Shocked and surprised I lay still while Ed clamped his mouth
over my pussy and started pushing his tongue inside me.  I
went crazy with just the thought of Ed eating all that cum
out of my well fucked hole.  I started cuming again and kept
on until Ed finally quit.

     "Like to do it again?"  Ed ask smiling from between my
legs.
     "Any time baby, anytime."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        