BASHERS GET BASHED
by Game Master

     Tom and Dave were walking down the street when ten young guys came running
up screaming "FAGGOTS" and "COCK SUCKERS" and "AIDS CARRIERS" to them. They
were terrified as they saw the hate in each kids eyes pouring over into their
actions. As the bats raised for the attack, Tom freaked and reached for his
revolver. Later that night Tom was arrested for Murder.

     Hi, My name is Tony. I wanna tell you about how we seeked revenge for Tom
and Dave. While Tom was arrested, he was released because of self defense. Tom
had 2 broken ribs and Dave was in a coma. Well I figured that these kids had to
have something hidden deep down that was causing this, so I came up with a plan
to make this hidden fear come out of the closet shall we say?

     Me and a few friends were walking in Central Park around 2am, and holding
hands. No we weren't crazy or had a death wish. We wanted those punks to attack
us for a special game we had instore.

     Well needless to say, sure enough 5 young tough punks came outta no-where
and jumped us. Two of my friends came out of no where with .45's and jumped
them. Now we had our first prisioners... And we were going to make them pay.
One of my friends, Gary is his name, worked in a big factory downtown, kinda
like a warehouse. We took our prisioners there and tied them up securly to some
pillars helping to support the ceiling. They had turned from nasty little punks
into scared frightened rabbits by now and wondered what us evil faggots would
do to them.

     Gil, another friend of mine who is a body builder, suggested we strip them
and see what they had between their legs. We all agreed and Gil went to work on
the boy to the far left. He had to be 17 or so with light brown hair and walnut
brown eyes. He was almost in tears and Gil ripped his shirt off of his smooth
chest. Gil was in a power trip by now and started to rip the kids pants when I
stopped him. I told him, all he had to do was unbutton them and take them down,
not rip them off like a paper bag. He said that if we did that, they'd have
clothes to put back on... We looked at each other and new what he meant, they'd
escape easier, so we let him do his worst to their clothes.

     When the pants came off (kinda like ripped off) we were all amaized to see
the first kid had no under wear and saw he was really hung! It may have been
soft, but it still was huge! He had a runners build, which fit his frame fine,
and had smooth trim legs and small hips. What little hair he had on his body
was only between his legs, and some hairs around his puckered asshole which to
me seemed very invitable. I walked up the the first kid, while Gil gleefully
ripped the clothes off the next kid, and asked for his name. The little bastard
spit in my face and called me a faggot. Not taking it lightly I smacked him so
hard, his friends felt it. I drew alittle blood from his nose with my hit and
then ordered one of my other friends to kiss him. (He had acute acnie which to
an untrained eye in the dark looked like the AIDS related skin Cancer...) Greg,
thats the guys name, kissed the tough punk and I told the kid Greg had AIDS and
was going to give it to him unless he told me his name. He quickly blurted out
his name and started to shake violently. His name was Allan... funny name for a
tough street punk. I grabbed a handfull of hair and started to tease Allan. I
told him what our intentions were to him and his friends that night. He almost
died of fright when he found out. I told him,

     "We're going to convert you little panzy assed fuck-heads into FAGGOTS
just like us, and there's nothing you can do about it!".

     One of his friends seemed to have a smile on his face... Hmmm I thought to
myself, Could it be that this kid just tags along? He was standing close to the
action and was with the gang, but he didn't do anything big, just tried to kick
us in the legs. Well by now the second kid was stripped naked. He deffinatly
was 19 and had a great body! He worked out alot it seemed, he was very well
defined and with his firey red hair, he seemed like a wild stallion waiting to
be tamed. He had a somewhat hairy chest and his legs were covered with a fine
red hair, so was his cute bubble butt and his pubic hairs were red just like
his hair. HE WAS REALLY EDIBLE! The guy had to have atleast 9 inches of soft
white meat between his legs. I turned Allan's head around so he could see his
buddy. I kept taunting Allan by asking him, does he look good to you? Would you
like to feel his hard cock rammed down your throat? How about up your ass? You
want that hot stud to fuck you and cum all over your scuzy little face don't
you boy! He tried to turn his head, but alas, we knew full well he did like
seeing his buddy naked. His cock was so hard it was 10 inches long and atleast
4 inches in circumfrence! He was dying! I started to stroke his hard cock and
his buddy got hard... Well what do you know! Their GAY! or atleast bi.

     The kid on the end had a shit eating grin on his face by now and seemed
willing to allow Gil to rip his clothes off. I went to the Red head and asked
his name. He said it was Peter. I taunted him for awhile as I stroked his hard
9 inches with Allan's 10 inches. They both had their heads back and were
enjoying the feeling of a warm hand wrapped around their cocks.

     I wispered in Pete's ear, Wouldn't it be great to feel Allan's hot young
mouth wrapped around your fat cock? He immediatly said yes and Allan seemed
more than willing. I had to inspect the rest of the troops who were all hard by
now.

     Gil untied Allan and forced him on his knees. He didn't have to force
Allan to open his mouth, infact Allan jumpped for Pete's cock in a flash as if
he knew what to do all his life. I looked at the other 3 prisioners. I walked
down the row all of the rest were under 18. The next kid had black hair with
blond highlites. He seemed to be really h/t)and bothered watching Allan and
Pete getting it on, and begged me to fuck his brains out.

     I yelled out, Well well! It seems you Fag Bashers are already Queers! Now
how come you go around hurting your own kind? The guy on the end decided to
talk to me. They felt it was their duty to protect all the Normal people of
America from us (Notice he said "US"). Gil looked at him lovingly, he looked
only 15 but he said he was 17. He, like the others, was very smooth and very
trim with a runners kinda body. Pete seemed to be the only hairy one in the
bunch. Anyway, he said his name was Steve and he was GAY, which took his
friends by complete surprise. Steve said to us, I always thought Pete and Allan
had a thing going, as for the others.. I knew there was something more to them
than just fucking girls and getting drunk. We untied Steve and Gil handed Steve
his torn clothes from the floor. Steve just dumped em and leaped into Gils arms
and they disappeared into the back of the warehouse.

     One kid said he never had sex with a guy and that was standing next to the
guy with the blond highlites. His name was Phil and he seemed very scared. He
called all his friends faggots and cursed and spat at them until we had to
seperate him from them. The guy with the blond highlites said his name was Joe
and that he was sorry for hurting us but he had to go along so his friends
wouldn't suspect. Seems natural, trying to fit in with the rest of the crowd
only to realize when it's to late, that the rest of the crowd is just like you.
We untied Pete and Joe and Pete just grabbed Joe's head with one hand and
pulled him to him and gave Joe a big wet kiss. His other hand rested on Allan's
head, guiding Allan's mouth over Pete's hot cock. Joe pinched Pete's hairy
nipples and massaged his ass. Pete was in heaven and none of us were getting
any revenge, although we were enjoying the sight of these young studs cumming
out of the closet. The next guy who we removed from the rest was about 5 9 and
had a washboard stomach. He looked 17 but we weren't sure. He was semi- hard
until Greg dropped to his knees and starked to lick his balls and cockhead. The
kid was uncut and unfortunatly Greg loves them uncut. I think they're lovers
now, not sure.

     Well thats another story. Anyway, We finally got him to admit to thinking
of having sex with his friends, and as soon as he said that he started to cry.
Well so much for the tough guy image. The last guy tied up was crying as
well.... He was really scared that Greg had AIDS, which we couldn't blame
him... Greg looked like he did, but he didn't. The guys name was Bruce, what
else could it be? Bruce was about 6 foot and had long curly blond hair with
greenish eyes and soft red lips that a guy could just cum on, or in as the case
may be. I walked up to him and wispered in his ear that Greg didn't have aids
and that I thought he was very cute. He returned the compliment and said he
knew me. It seems he is my downstairs neighbor! I know his mom very well, we
work together! Well he said he had been trying to get my attention for the past
month now but to no avail...

     So thats why he was in the Gang, because he saw me and said to the
others... Let's kill those faggots. I looked at him horrified, asked him why.
He said it was because he thought I rejected him, and he didn't like being
rejected... I justed kissed him and ran my hands up and down his smooth chest
and ass. Pete was screaming he was going to cum and Joe almost shoved Allan out
of the way to get some of Pete's love juice, Allan looked deprived and I
ordered him over to me. I kissed him and tasted Pete's cock on his tounge. I
probed his mouth and jerked on his and Bruce's cock for a few minutes before
Greg came over to untie Bruce and the other kid.

     We all went to the back of the warehouse to find Gil and Steve and have a
proper orgy when we saw Steve riding Gil's cock like he was a bronco horse
buster. That kid was HOT for Gil's cock! Gil was rocking his head back and
forth moaning Steve's name outloud. Steve had a look of total desire on his
face, as if he would die if Gil didn't cum in his horny little hole. Streams of
sweat flowed down Setev's chest and back onto Gil's legs and Abdomen. Gil's
breathing became erratic and his face was red as if he was giving birth to a
new born. He let out a scream as he shot load after sizzling hot load deep into
Steve's bowels. Steve recprocated by shooting a hot thick stream of cum all
over Gil's chest, which the rest of us licked off. Steve's cum was sweet and
smelled of life. His fuck hole was wet and dripping from cum and his own ass
juices. He was HOT and BOTHERED now! He got off Gil's now limp pecker and
walked over to me. He got on his hands and knees and ordered his friend Phil to
fuck him. Phil not knowing what to do had to have Greg show him. Soon Phil was
pushing his thick cock down Steve's young pucker. Steve groaned in delight as
he felt his tough punk buddy ram his fat cock into Steve's ass. Phil loved the
wet slippery feeling of Steve's ass, and he commented out loud in a very
sentious voice how tight he was. Steve just smiled and started to undo my
pants. With lightning quick fingers my pants were open and sliding down my
muscular thighs. Steve commented on how I had the legs of Silvester Stalone. I
told him if he really wanted to compliment me, compliment me after I'm done
fucking your face. He smiled a pearly white toothy grin and soon my underwear
was resting where my pants were.

     Everyone gawked at my cock which was already hard as a rock. I tore off my
shirt and shoes and removed my pants and underwear from my legs. Hey I'm no
slouch and these kids knew it, I'm 5 foot 9 and only a mear 165 of solid
muscle. I have the perverbial Adonis look. Joe couldn't stand it and ran over
to me and started to kiss and lick my ass cheeks. Allan sucked on my tits while
Greg sucked on Pete's cock. Gil was out of it, he hadn't cum like that in
MONTHS! The silly slut wore himself out before the real fun could start! Well
Steve looked at my huge 11 inches of man meat and soon he was trying to stuff
the whole thing down his throat. Phil looked at me as I said, Phil... your
next. Which Phil replyed sharply that I'd have to tie him down to make him
swollow it. I quickly shot back, who said anything about you swollowing it? He
and the others quickly got the message and Phil looked scared, but pleased at
the same time. Steve had only gotten 3/4 of my cock in his mouth before he
started to gag and I was going crazy when Joe finally decided to ram his toung
into my ass, I almost came when he did that! Feeling Joes hot tounge probing my
love hole while Steve's hot mouth on my fucken tool was too much!

     But then Allan got into the act by nibbling on my nipples while tickling
my balls! After all the action I witnessed and now the atention was focused on
me, I couldn't stand it any longer! My breathing picked up and my ass tightened
on Joe's hot tounge which he loved! He then rammed a finger in my ass to
replace his toung and really started to finger fuck my hole! Allan grew tired
of sucking on my nipples so he went to sucking on my balls! I screamed out that
I was about to cum and that very same instant Phil began to unload in Steve's
asshole! Steve was getting it from both ends this time, Me shooting my hot seed
down his horny throat while Phil pumped him full of love from behind! When we
were finished, Phil quickly got into the same position as Steve. He WANTED to
be fucked!

     I later learned that he always wanted to get fucked and suck off some hot
stud at the same time, while getting sucked. Well Joe got infront of Phil and I
got behind while Gil woke up by that time and grabbed Steve to fuck him
somemore. Pete, having just cum a second time, came over and quickly got under
Phil and took Phils hard cum covered cock in his mouth. Pete was tasting
Steve's ass, Gil's and Phil's cum and he went nuts! I slowly pushed my rock
hard tool into Phil's virgin ass, he let out a small yelp as I did. His face
became contorted and Joe decided to help him relaxe by massaging the back of
his neck and shoulders. Phil relaxed just enough for me to ram my cock all the
way in.

     Phil let out a low scream in pain which was soon replaced by a low moan of
pleasure. I kept my cock buried deep in his hot ass for awhile longer, savoring
the feelings of this tough kids virgin ass, the warm wet sensation of his ass
wrapped around my member making it get bigger and bigger inside him. Joe had
now switch to his old position infront of Phil's face with his hard young dick
waiting for Phil to take it all and make him cum. Phil opened his mouth slowly
and stuck his tounge out to lick Joe's cock head. His first taste of pre-cum
was then, he went so crazy he gagged as he tried to stuff Joe's cock down his
throat. Joe was in complete extacy as he enjoyed the virgin mouth of Phil.

     Phil was in heaven enjoying the pleasures of three men using his body for
their own sexual needs. Phil soon felt his balls tighten and yelped as I pile
drived my dick in and out of his virgin ass that he was going to cum. Pete
sucked his cock even harder till Phil's breathing was so erratic that Phil
almost passed out with Joe's dick in his mouth. The pleasure was too much for
him and he went limp as his stomach contracted and his balls released. The
spasming of his ass made me shoot my load in his ass and Joe suddenly released
into Phil's mouth and on his face.

     We were all tired and when Phil came to, he was in Greg's arms with Greg
kissing him and licking the cum from his boyish face. Phil's eyes met Gregs and
he hugged and kissed Greg. Joe lay next to me sleeping, I couldn't take my eyes
off his breathing and how he looked like a sweet angle waiting to be kissed and
loved. I put my arms around him and he rolled over to face me. I ran one hand
through his soft hair, he opened his eyes and looked deep into them and
wispered that he loved this night and would never forget it or me. I told him
he never could, because I knew where he lived and was going to MAKE sure he
never did! He smiled and asked if he could come up to my apartment every now
and then for dinner. I told him only if he makes sure he's on the menu. Allan
and Peter was in each other's arms kissing and hugging, while Steve and Gil
disappeared. It seems they went back to Gil's house for the rest of the night
in a warm soft bed and each other. Everyone was happy, and we all changed 5 hot
young guys from tough punks into loving people who now had a new life.

     It was almost dawn before we all went our seperate ways. I took Joe home
with me in my car, since he only had torn clothes to wear. Pete and Allan
walked home arm in arm in their torn clothes and Greg and Phil went to Phil's
house to pack Phil's stuff. Seemed Phil and Greg fell in love and Phil wanted
to spend the rest of his life with Greg, and vice versa. We meet once every
year in Central park and go to the warehouse. We spend the night there just
like the first time, and each time we bring a few new people with us. Who
knows, maybe one day we will overcome all of this hate with love and
understanding...
