At the Beach

We were on vacation in Ocean City, and since we weren't rich enough to own
a raft, my dad rented one almost every afternoon for three hours..one hour
for each of us kids, usually from 1:00-4:00 in the afternoon, and we would
turn in the raft on our way back to the hotel.  On this day, my turn was
second---the 2-3:00 shift, and my brother was third.  When it was time for
me to give it up, I tried to refuse and threw a wonderful temper tantrum
since my little brother didn't really USE the raft for riding the waves
like I did, he just floated on it near the beach.  I was 16 and knew how
to use it...he was a little kid who just wasted our time and money.  Well,
needless to say, I lost the argument and proceeded to storm off to the
boardwalk.  As I was leaving, my mother told me to be sure to be back at
the towel to go to the hotel by 4:00.

Close to 5:00 I realized how late I was , and I flew back to the beach. 
Everyone was there and ready to go except my dad.  Hoping that my mom
didn't know what time it was, I sauntered up and asked where dad was.  Mom
looked me in the eye, and told me that he was where he had been for the
last 45 minutes...on the boardwalk looking for me!  To show how sorry I
was, I began to sniffle and apologize for being late.  Mom fixed me with
an icy glare and informed me that a good spanking would help me to
remember to be on time in the future, and with that the tears really
started to flow, and the butterflies in my belly started to really
flutter!  Both my brother and sister heard the entire exchange, and were
delighted to hear that big sister was going to get her bottom spanked.

Finally dad arrived, and boy did he growl at me!  Finally mom interrupted
him, and told him that we should just go back to the hotel where I would
be spanked.  Dad planted his big hand hard across the seat of the shorts
that I was wearing over my swimsuit, and got us all moving to the hotel. 
Several times on the walk back my brother and sister landed a smack on my
rear to tease me, and finally I asked my mom to make them stop.  Her
answer to that was sure not to my liking.  She stopped the whole family
right on the sidewalk and told my brother and sister something along the
lines of "You don't need to spank her, I'm going to take care of that when
we get to the room, and I am better at it than the two of you!"  The
butterflies re-doubled their efforts to turn my tummy topsy-turvey!

When we finally reached the hotel (which had one big room with chairs, two
beds and a cot, and a bathroom...I told you we weren't rich!), my mother
instructed my brother and sister to go into the bathroom until they were
told to come out.  As soon as the door closed behind them, mom yelled at
me, and told me that I needed spanked.  "I'm too old for a spanking!" I
cried, but her reply was worse..."Take off that suit, little lady, I'll
show you that you aren't too old."  Here go the butterflies again!!  No
roller coaster could have had a stronger effect on my belly than those
words. Panic set in, you see I was wearing a one-piece suit!  

Although I had a bikini like all my friends, I had learned fast that a
one-piece was much safer for a girl who liked to play in the ocean waves
which could easily remove either or both pieces of a bikini!  Two pieces
for tanning or a pool, one piece for fighting the ocean waves!  I was able
to slip down my shorts without too much fuss, but when I was going to have
to pull down the top of my suit, I begged and pleaded until mom got
absolutely furious and smacked my behind several times, and warned me that
I was in enough trouble already.

Although I wasn't particularly well endowed (does the word 'fiberfill'
ring a bell?), I was about to have my chest bare in front of my dad for
the first time since I needed to wear a bra!  Although I wasn't happy
about it, dad had spanked my bare bottom just a few weeks before, so I
knew that he had seen me bare below the waist before...but not topless!! 
Not *all* of me bare!!!  I cried and pointed at my daddy and babbled!  I
logically pointed out that my suit was so thin that I would be a really
sorry girl to be spanked with it on!  I begged to be spanked even longer
than usual if only I could keep my suit on.  I was so earnest that I think
promised to end world hunger and war if only I could be spanked in my
swim-suit.  My yammering, begging and promises were met by silence and
very stern looks.  The tingle of her first few smacks on my bottom finally
convinced me that I had better follow her directions in spite of the
modest horror of having to take off the suit.  I had been spanked often
enough to know that being obstinate only got me a worse spanking.  

Finally, modestly turning my back to my dad, I slid the top down to my
belly button, then rushed both hands to cover my little breasts, and cried
my eyes out.  After just a moment mom ordered me to take my suit the rest
of the way off, and I started a more earnest set of promises.  I should
have known better than to turn my back to my dad before arguing with my
mom.  An enormous hand arrived across my bottom, and a deep and angry
voice said only one word, "NOW!"  I bent way over into a little ball,
slowly uncovered my breasts, and pealed my suit down to my ankles.  All
bare !!!  Dad seeing my teenage bottom bare, mom seeing everything else
bare too!!!  Boo-Hoo....tears and pleas fought for control!  Now mom
instructed me to take it off, and hang it on the drying rack.  I was
mortified as I slipped my suit over my feet, and ran across the room nude
to hang it out.  In case you never thought about it, it is impossible for
a girl with only two hands to cover her breasts, her bottom and her pubic
hair at the same time, but boy did I try!  Surely a gentleman would turn
his eyes away from a distressed maiden in my state, but dad was watching
me with that little frown on his face as if I was fully dressed instead of
bare as a newborn!

As I returned to my mother, she went to the dresser, and my heart sank
when she pulled out that detested hairbrush.  I didn't even know that she
brought it!!!  Down across a bed I went, and the lecture started
immediately, with a solid spank for emphasis every few sentences.  "We
thought you had drowned....We thought you were kidnapped....We thought you
were lost...Who do you think you are?  You made everybody wait..."  Before
my spanking had even really begun, I was squalling and rolling around on
the bed.

Finally she issued the dreaded last order, "Put your hands up under your
pillow, and keep them there!"  Finally, my bottom was really bare, not
even a hand across it, and she let it rip.  She smacked her hairbrush to
every inch of my exposed bottom and down my thighs.  This was no novice
spanker...she knew what she was doing and she knew my bottom as well as
she knew my face.  I rolled left, she spanked left; I rolled right, she
spanked right!  I clenched my bottom cheeks, she spanked my thighs, I
kicked my legs, she spanked my cheeks!  Hand on bum=hairbrush on leg, hand
on leg = hairbrush on tush!  I just couldn't get out of the spanking no
matter what I tried!!  Somewhere along the line I decided that I'd have
been better off if I would have been kidnapped, lost or even drowned!

All of this was made all the worse by having my father witness every step
of my undressing and spanking, as well as knowing that my brother and
sister were just on the other side of the door listening to every word,
smack, howl and sob.  16 years old!!  Stark naked!!  Squirming and
wriggling all over a bed being hairbrush spanked like a little girl!! 
Blubbering like only a well spanked girl can do!!!  Every nerve in my hips
and thighs was dialing "911" to report an emergency of catastrophic
proportions!

After what seemed like an eternity, the spanking finally stopped, and my
bottom felt like a million bees had stung me.  After a few minutes, when
my sobbing finally subsided, mom ordered me to stand up again.  When I
stood (no longer able to cover anything since my hands were too busy
trying to rub the sting out of my freshly spanked bottom), my mom was
holding out a fresh pair of panties, and told me to put them on, and then
handed me a T-shirt.  It was as embarrassing having my parents watch me
get dressed again as it was to have them watch me undress!  Finally I
slipped on the shorts that she had for me, and fell back across the bed
for another good cry. 
 
She then invited my brother and sister out of the bathroom, sternly
telling them to leave me alone.  I stayed on the bed and sniffing and
whimpering until it was my turn to shower and get ready for dinner.  I
usually assured my brother and sister that "it didn't hurt" after I got
spanked, but there was no way I could tell that lie again today after they
listened so closely and saw me still recovering and crying.  The spray
from a showerhead on my bottom was torture, almost like getting a second
spanking!  Maybe the seawater salt dried on my bottom mixed with the water
of the shower to sting my rear again,  and I stood in the shower crying
like I was still being spanked!  I was the sorriest girl in the world as I
saw how red my bottom and thighs were in the mirror.

The restaurant did not need a warming plate that evening, they could have
just turned me over and used the heat waves coming from my freshly spanked
bottom, and sitting through dinner on a tingling rear kept me from eating
much (a new diet plan?) and from being a cheerful member of the group.  It
wasn't too long on the Boardwalk that night, though, before the excitement
of being on vacation overcame the memory of the spanking....but.... I was
always 15 minutes early for the rest of the vacation!
