Archive-name: Bondage/aejo.txt
Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth
Archive-title: Segment - AEJ O


     Stacy was then lead in front of Katrina, and the two were taken 
around the corner to a cell that had a strong solid iron door, with only a 
small rectangular opening near the base for food.  Stacy began protesting 
wildly, as wildly as she could with her hands so tightly strung together, 
but both she and Katrina were pushed into the cell.  Their eyes, already 
adjusted to dark, saw a dank cell with tile flooring and two steel beds 
with thin mattresses.  The guards lay them each down on the bed and with a 
cord tied their legs.  Stacy's legs were drawn up to her hands and tightly 
tied off.  The cord around her neck was then tied, leaving little slack to 
the heavy iron railing of the bed she was hogtied onto.  Katrina received 
much the same treatment, but Stacy noticed that the guard who tied her was 
somewhat careless and did not tie her neck cord to the bed. 
     Stacy half-expected to be ungagged when the guard brushed away her 
hair and looked for the buckle tightly fastened behind her neck, but when 
he located it, he simply checked it to make sure that the strap was in its 
keeper, and then replaced her hair.  Stacy groaned deeply in her throat. 
     The guards turned to go, and as the exited the door, they took one 
last look at their prisoners.  They turned, slammed the heavy steel door 
shut with a loud clang, and then slid a heavy metal bolt into place and 
placed a padlock on it, locking it into place.  One rectangle of light 
remained, the tray hole, and within twenty seconds this was also slammed 
shut and locked. 
     The girls, stunned with the hopelessness if the situation, began to 
weep. Less than an hour ago, they were enjoying dinner in the wilderness 
with a friend of Fernando, and now they were captured by unknown parties 
for unknown reasons and were extremely stringently bound and locked away.  
Even Stacy, who had before enjoyed a temporary indentured status which 
soon would return by contract, to freedom, was paralyzed with the 
uncontrolled nature of her situation.  Her bondage now seemed far more 
foreboding and permanent than the contractual bonds that she had assumed 
for this voyage. 
     Her back was arched by her hogtie, and with her tears, her nose 
became congested, making it necessary for her to breathe through the 
corners of her mouth around her ball-gag.  Katrina wept quietly in the 
other cot near Stacy. 
     They were left there for hours.  The tears no longer flowed after a 
period of time, but the hopelessness remained.  Their hog-ties were 
intractable.  Prying fingers could loose no knots, and cramps in the back 
of the legs were the answer to struggle.  Knotted to the bed-frame by her 
neck, Stacy did not dare move around too much, for she could see that 
falling off the bed could mean death for her. 
     In the total darkness, sounds of weeping subsided, and sleep overtook 
the pair in spurts, with occasional waking to the pain of the bonds and 
the depression of this cruel imprisonment. 
     After many hours their prison door opened with a clang.  Stacy craned 
her neck to see who entered.  It was Fernando, carrying a knife!  "Ten 
prisa!", he whispered sharply to Katrina.  He cut loose the rope from her 
ankles, rubbed her legs to her hands, and then cut her wrist and neck 
bonds.  She quickly rubbed tortured wrists, and, stumbling a little, went 
to help him loose Stacy.  She did not bother to remove her own ball-gag. 
     They quickly knifed the thin cord around the legs of Stacy, and then 
they cut the cord from Stacy's neck to the bed frame very close to the 
bed, leaving them a handle by which to lead her.  Her hands were not 
loosed.  Stacy wondered about her disposition.  Was this an escape 
attempt?  She supposed that it was.  Maybe they were leaving her bound 
because they did not want her to blow their escape, and maybe she was 
bound because she was still contracted for it.  At any rate, she wished 
that she had been freed as Katrina had.  She did not have a lot to say 
about it right now.  
     As the two hustled her out of the dark cell, she saw a guard lying on 
the floor with blood flowing from his head, and she surmised that Fernando 
had prevailed over him.  After several turns, they ran into another guard, 
and Fernando quickly dispatched him with his knife.  Stacy's heart was 
racing with the danger, but she was dragged and pushed through a door to 
the outside.  The jeep that they had arrived in was outside, and the key 
was in it.  Fernando motioned that Katrina should put Stacy in the front 
seat, and as he ran around to he driver's seat, he threw her a length of 
rope.  Fernando started the jeep as Katrina, still gagged herself, 
forcefully tied off Stacy's ankles, and moved into the backseat. 
     Stacy looked into the backseat as Fernando drove wildly off, with no 
pursuit to see Katrina struggling with the strap on her ball gag, and 
having very little success.  Fernando also looked back and asked, "Esta' 
cerrado con llave?" 
     Katrina, bouncing back and forth in the backseat, nodded.  Her ball 
gag had been locked on behind her neck!  She leaned forward, and held the 
shoulders of Stacy so she would not fall out. 
     They had made their escape. 


Felix@cld9.sccsi.com
Archives BBS
1-713-896-1721
--
