                                Alien Abduction
        
        I've never shared this story with anyone before because I 
knew no one would believe it--but I guess also because I I felt so 
guilty about everything. Still, I felt like I had to tell someone, so 
I decided to write it down anonymously. Maybe I thought that, if I 
heard from someone else that I wasn't crazy, I'd believe it myself. 
        I'm not the kind of person who sees things, in fact, I think 
I'm a pretty normal woman. I'm definitely not a person who ever 
believed in UFOs. Sure, I saw TV shows about them sometimes--like 
Unsolved Mysteries or something--but I mostly just laughed. So you 
can imagine how shocked I was when this all happened. I live by 
myself in a little house on some land that my uncle owns. The house 
isn't much, it doesn't even have an air conditioner, so I usually 
sleep with the windows open. Anyway, one night, about 2:00 in the 
morning--I know because I remember looking at the clock--I woke up 
hearing a loud humming sound, and there was a really bright light 
coming in through the window. I was surprised because the house is 
about two miles off the main road, and I couldn't imagine who would 
be driving up there in the middle of the night.
        When I looked out the window, I couldn't see anything at 
first because the light was blinding. But after a bit, I could make 
out a huge, metal saucer sitting in the middle of the yard. 
Naturally, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I thought I must be 
dreaming--I mean the thing looked just like a flying saucer in an old 
movie. But it was real. That's when I got scared. I jumped out of bed 
and started to run out of the bedroom. But before I could reach the 
door, something happened. A bright spot light suddenly came through 
the window. But it wasn't just a light because, as soon as it hit me, 
my body went limp and I fell to the floor. It didn't knock me out--I 
was still awake and scared to death. But I couldn't move.
        Then it got even stranger. The light started vibrating (I 
don't know how else to describe it), and started moving up. My body 
started rising with it, the light was picking me up off the floor. It 
felt like there was a strap under my rear lifting me up--my arms and 
legs (still paralyzed) were hanging down. You've got to remember that 
I was awake this whole time. It's funny--even though I was terrified, 
I remember feeling embarrased because my panties were showing. When I 
went up off the ground, the T-shirt I was sleeping in slid up above 
my waist. Isn't it strange how you can think about small things like 
that?--I was worrying about the shirt sliding up too far and showing 
my breasts!
        The light carried me across the bedroom and out the window 
(it wasn't until later that I wondered what had happened to the 
screen--it was still missing the next day). I went through the window 
legs first, with my head hanging down behind, so I couldn't see what 
was going on in front of me. A door must have opened up on the side 
of the spaceship because the beam carried me inside. It put me down 
on a metal table and then disappeared. I still couldn't move my body, 
but I wasn't numb because I remember how cold the table was on the 
back of my thighs.
        The room looked like some kind of lab, it was full of 
computers and machinery.  I laid there wondering if I was going to be 
killed--I still hadn't seen anybody. About that time, I heard a noise 
from the corner of the room. It sounded something like a little car 
coming closer to me. After a second, I could see it out of the corner 
of my eye. It rolled up and stopped next to me. It was a kind of 
robot, with four metal claws attached to flexible arms in front. One 
claw was holding something that looked like a gas mask, and it put 
the mask over my face. I couldn't help but breath it in. It didn't 
have any smell, but it must've been like the nerve gas that the 
dentist uses because after a few minutes, I started to relax and not 
feel so scared anymore. 
        I watched as the robot reached down and grabbed hold of my 
arms. It pulled them up over my head and I could feel them being 
strapped down. It did the same thing with my legs, spreading them 
apart and strapping them down. By now the gas had taken effect. I got 
a funny sensation like my body was separate from my mind, I watched 
what the robot was doing like it was someone else besides me.
        After I was strapped down, the robot backed up. Then the 
table started tilting up till it was straight up and down and I was 
hanging by my wrists. I was getting able to move again, so I could 
hold my head up and look around. There still wasn't anyone in the 
room except for the robot. The robot rolled over to me and lifted up 
one of its claws, which had a sharp blade on one of its fingers. I 
remember thinking--real calm--that it was going to kill me. But it 
didn't. The blade slid up under my shirt and started cutting it open. 
After slitting the shirt clear down the front, it started cutting it 
off my arms. In seconds, the shirt was in shreds on the floor. Then 
slowly--even gently--the robot slid the blade under my bra and cut it 
open. Then it did the same thing to my panties (another strange 
memory--the blade was really cold when it touched my stomach!) Like I 
said, the gas had done something to my mind because I was hanging 
there totally naked, but I was completely calm.
        Then the table started turning around to face the wall 
behind me. On the wall was a strange looking machine. Before I could 
get much of a look at it, it started moving. Two rubber cups--about 
like plungers--started coming out of the wall, and I watched as they 
attached themselves to my chest. I didn't even have time to think 
before they started squeezing my breasts, really slow and not rough 
at all. 
        Now this is the part I don't know how to say--I mean it 
must've been because the gas was messing with my mind or something, 
but somehow, what they were doing felt good. It was so weird--my mind 
wasn't worrying about whether they would kill me or not, I couldn't 
think about anything but how good it felt. After a few seconds of 
that, I felt something inside the cups, something real light and 
soft, start to brush over my nipples. They were already really 
sensitive, so the feeling was pretty intense.
        I'm not sure how long that went on, but in spite of myself, 
I started to get turned on--I even heard myself moan out loud. Just 
then a flexible arm like the ones on the robot came out of the wall. 
But instead of a claw on the end of it was something that looked like 
the eraser on a pencil. I looked down and watched it go between my 
legs. I could feel it moving around in my vagina--again, very 
gently--then I felt it touch my button. I knew I wasn't paralyzed any 
more because at that moment my whole body tensed up. The main arm 
didn't move again, but I could feel just the tip moving slowly over 
my button.  It wasn't long before two tubes came out of the wall--one 
thick and one smaller. They both kind of looked like water hoses, but 
instead of being open at the end they had knobs. I remember thinking 
very clearly, "This thing is going to rape me," but I wasn't the 
least bit scared. Sure enough, the large tube went between my legs 
and I felt it slide up into me. I wondered what the second tube was 
going to do, but just then I felt it wriggling between my ass cheeks. 
I've never done that kind of thing before, so I didn't know what it 
would feel like. I could feel the tube pushing against my ass--I 
must've tensed up--but then, it slipped inside. It didn't hurt at 
all, and I remember thinking that it must be lubricated.
        As I'm writing this, it still seems too incredible to be 
true. There I was, hanging naked as this machine raped me from both 
ends. Sometimes I still think it must have been a dream because I 
can't believe that I actually enjoyed what happened. I've heard about 
other woman who enjoy fanticizing about rape, but I never did it 
before. Anyway, I know it wasn't just a dream or a fantasy because it 
felt too real. I remember so clearly how my whole body tingled, how 
the tubes in my vagina and asshole began to slide in and out more 
quickly. The machine must've had some sort of way to tell that I was 
getting more turned on because the more excited I got, the harder it 
worked. After a while--it couldn't have been more than a few 
minutes--I knew that I was going to come. By then, I couldn't think, 
I could barely catch my breath I was so overwhemled by how my body 
felt. Whatever was carressing my nipples and button got faster and 
harder, and the tubes in my vagina and asshole sped up and even 
started vibrating. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore, I felt the 
orgasm explode inside me (I think I even screamed), for one long 
instant my body was a knot of tight muscles. Then, it was over, and I 
went limp--but this time from exhaustion.
        What happened afterwards is a little fuzzy. I vaguely 
remember being carried back into the house by the light beam and left 
on the floor. I went sound asleep, and when I woke up, it was night 
again--24 hours had passed. I never saw a sign of the spaceship 
again, and I never told a soul what happened. But sometimes I still 
dream about it, and I wake up turned on. 
