







                           CHAPTER 3
        
                         THINGS IN LIFE

Although the sex was fabulous there were other parts to our lives because we 
realized that sex alone would not make it. We found we were both the same 
religion, believed in family and having children, getting ahead in life both
finically and socially. We agreed for the most part we were very compatible 
and that we should have very few difficulties in our relationship as it 
started to take a new turn and get serious. Clifford asked me to go steady and 
gave me a friendship ring. Once I started to go steady some of the other boys 
in he neighboorhood asked for dates but I told them they were to late, 
Clifford was my one and only love and I was his one and only love. Also the 
clothing business for Clifford and his family was expanding and Cliff's sister
Susie started to go steady with my brother Herbert. 

                              Chapter 4

                        Fooling or Feeling Around

Clifford started coming to the house on a regular basisand we experminted with 
sex whenever the opportunity presented itself or we helped it present itself.
We would go on a hayride and I would position myself so I could slide my dress
or skirt up in the back and Clifford could slide his hand up there and onto my 
pussy. With a slight motion of the wagon I could come off. Another time on a 
hayride it was so crowded we had to semi-recline sideways and Clifford managed
to slide his dick between my legs and come off. If we went to the movies we 
sat in the back or up in the balcony and would fool around. One time at my 
parents as they were listening to the radio we went into the kitchen, Clifford
had me bend over the sink and fucked me till he came. We tried as much as 
possible to cum together but if it did not happen it was no problem because 
somehow the other person got to cum before the night was over. If for some
reason Clifford was unable to cum I would give him my panties to take home and 
jerk-off in them and then bring them back on our next date and I would then 
wear them. As you can see I have a big adversion to Clifford's sperm. Other
times we would go for a walk and sort of slip into a wooded area for sex. 
Whenever I had my monthly then I would suck Clifford off which he got great 
pleasure from and with my craving for sperm I had happiness also.

                               Chapter 5

                             On Your Knees, Lady

On Saturday afternoon Clifford and myself went back to our place in the woods. 
He was acting very mysterious and strange. when we got there he told me to 
take off my skirt and slip and get down on my knees. I sort of hestitated as 
to the way he was acting, also if anyone had to stumble upon us here would be 
a half naked girl with my usual white garterbelt, white stockings and red lace
panties exposed to view. But having complete confidence in Cliff I did as he 
said. Soon I was down to blouse, stockings, garterbelt and panties and got on
my knees in front of Cliff. He told me to take his cock out and to stroke it
and then to start sucking on it. He told me I could pull my panties down and 
play with my cunt while sucking him, which I did. I lovingly caressed his cock 
and balls with my tongue, licking them and running my tongue over the head of 
his cock. The mucus started coming out of his cock end and I came all over my
fingers. I stopped for a moment and had Clifford suck on my fingers. I then 
continued sucking on him. I could tell he was close to the edge and ready to 
cum. He said to stop sucking but keep his cock in my mouth. He said "Ann,
will you marry me?  I want you to be my wife" I said "yes" and he shot his load 
in my mouth and down my throat. I sucked his cock till he begged for mercy. I 
had sucked him dry all the while having my little finger in his asshole. To 
this day if anyone ever asks if Cliff got on his knees to propose we say that 
I did, but that is all we say. Clifford took out a one carat ring and slipped
it on my finger, then took his cock and slipped it in my pussy till I came.

                             Chapter 6

                         All in the Families

We then decided a date for the wedding which would be February 9, 19__, six
months from now. My parents and younger sister were going out of town for he
weekend. I told my brother Herbert, Clifford and myself would not be home
Saturday afternoon and evening till late. Herbert also said Susie, Cliff's
sister and he had plans and would be gone about the same time as us. We 
really did not have plans. We just wanted to make sure the house was clear and 
wanted to spend an afternoon and evening in my bed fucking in style. We had 
talked about anal fucking and that was our number one priority for that day.
We all went out about the same time and about one hour late Cliff and I went
back to the house. As we entered we were very quiet and walked into the back 
parlor. I let out a gasp as there was Susie down on her knees between Herb's
legs sucking on his cock for all she could. Herbs pants were on the floor and
Susie's dress was pulled up over her waist exposing her black lace panties,
black garterbelt and black stockings. I had never seen such sexy exotic black
lingerie before and it instantly turned me on. At the same time Susie seen us 
Herb said he was cuming and held Susie's head down till she sucked him off.  
They both jumped up, Herb red as a beet, Susie started crying violently. I put 
my arms around Susie and eventually she quieted down. She said she would never 
be able to face us both again. We asked why, its only natural. All of a sudden
a grin came over Herb's face and he wanted to know why we were there, and why
had we said it was natural. Herb said "are you into some hanky-panky?"

"Us into hanky-panky" I exclaimed. "You're darn right we are" I though Cliff
would shot me then as he was embarassed as his sister. I told them all to calm
down and we discussed the situation. Finally Herb and Susie confessed they had 
been sucking and fucking since they met and we confessed the same. We said the 
reason we had come back to the house was we wanted some action also. I told
them seeing them like that had turned me one and the sight of Susie's panties
and garterbelt drove me crazy and I knew I had to purchase some. I was hot as
a firecracker and needed some cock. Also I wanted to watch Herb and Susie 
fuck. I had only seen pictures of couples fucking from the book Clifford's
parents had. They said they would like to watch us do anything and everything
we wanted. We said they were in for a treat. We also made a pact which we kept 
the rest of our lives since we were brother- sister relationships there would 
never be any incest between us. There never was any incest.

Since there were two couchs in the parlor and they faced each other Herb took 
Susie to one and Clifford took me to the other. We then starting to kiss with 
our partners and tried to do everything together simultaniously. We were 
french kissing, they were french kissing. Susie stood up and took off her 
blouse and had a black lace bra with little holes where the nipples would be 
and Herb started sucking her nipples throught the holes. I almost came in my
powder lace blue panties watching that. Cliff took off my blouse and lace 
powder blue bra and sucked on my tits. I managed to cup one up far enough 
so I could suck my own nipple. Clifford slipped his hand up my skirt, past my
stockings, past my thighs and starting rubbing the crotch of my powder blue
panties. My panties were wet as I was creaming and Cliff had dropped a big 
load in them last night at home jerking-off as I was unable to give him any   
pussy last night. Susie stood up and said she was embarrassed as hell in front
of her brother but she would get over it. She took off her black chantilly
lace half slip and stood there in her black lace panties that had an open 
crotch. I took one look at those panties and climaxed in mine. That was the 
first time I ever came without manual stimulation. Clifford's eyes bugged from 
his head as he seen his sexy, wanton sister in a black lace semi-see through
nippleless bra, a black lace garterbelt, black lace crotchless black panties
and high heel black pumps. Just the way Cliff looked at his sister I knew I 
had to get my hands on some lingerie like that. It was a good thing Susie was 
his sister or I would have had heavy competition. Lucky Herb. I was happy for 
my brother that a certain young lady would do things for him like that. I 
still had a susprise coming.

Herb told Susie to take off her panties for a minute and when she did we
seen there was no hair around her cunt and asshole. She said that Herbert
insists she shave her cunt and ass regularly. I was surprised, flabbergasted,  
and what have you. Susie was one wild women and Herb was the lucky benificary.

Susie slipped her crotchless panties back on and laid down on the coach and 
motiones for Herb to get ready for some action. Herb went over, got down on 
his knees and starting rubbing his tongue all over her cunt and clit. Susie 
squirmed as she got hotter and hotter. The juice was running out of her cunt 
and down her thighs. Herb spread her cunt lips and then started working his 
tongue in Susie like a piston going in and out. She squirmed some more, 
started getting glassy eyed and came. Herb then took his cock and put it in 
her juicy, wet, steaming, bald cunt and started fucking her violently. Susie
matched him stroke for stroke while all the while screaming for Herb to fuck
her, fuck her. She had her black stocking legs wrapped around his back and was
crawling at him violently. She slipped her one hand down to exercise her clit
and then all of a sudden she let out a long low scream and started cuming.
She clawed at Herb"s back till it bled and Herb convulsed and came. He must of
shot off for about one minute before coming to a stop. Herb got up and Susie 
sucked his pecker clean. She stood up and had gobs of cum all over her 
panties, garterbelt, and stockings. She took her fingers and gathered the gobs 
of cum up and put them in her mouth and smiled. Both Clifford and myself were 
hot with passion. While they were fucking we had been playing with each other
and were now ready to put on our sex show for them.

We were still dressed so I undressed Clifford very slowly stroking his body
parts while doing so. He took off my blouse, skirt and powder blue halp slip
and I stood there in my powder blue lace panties which were soaking wet from 
all the cum shot off in them, powder blue garterbelt, white lace top stock-
ings and white high heel shoes. Clifford told me just to stand there and he 
pulled my lace powder blue panties down to they dropped on the floor but not
outside my feet. He then started to lick me all over with his tongue, over my 
chest, lower body in front and then down my legs over my silk stockings. He 
told me to bend over and touch my toes. I did and Clifford stuck his tongue
up my ass. I came instantly. I had never felt anything as exquisite as that.
He then directed my over to the coach end and told me to lean over it. He then 
worked his prick into my asshole. It really hurt at first but after a minute 
the pain went away and the pleasure returned. Clifford started his in and out 
motion and I knew then that getting fucking in my ass was going to be a 
regular thing also. As he was pistoning in and out he reached around me and 
with one hand played with my cunt button and with my right nipple with the 
other. I was in to much extascy to do anything to my self. He then put one 
finger up my cunt and I could feel his cock in my ass and his finger in my 
pussy almost touching each other. He started going real fast and then we both 
came violently. We had been carried away in our passion we forgot about Herb
and Susie being present. When we looked Herb was bent over the other sofa
with Susie kneeling behind him with her tongue up his ass. She was stroking
his balls and cock and just before Herb started to cum he turned around, put 
his cock in her mouth and came. Susie had at the very moment he came slipped 
her finger all the way up his ass. He must of came for about one minute. Susie
still had me affected by her lingerie and then was on my list of things for my 
trousseau.

Afterwards we sat there and discussed ways we had fucked or sucked on dates 
with the other couples not knowing what was going on. Susie told how Herb and 
her went to a birthday party, how she excused herself to go the bathroom and 
how Herb gave her a quickie while all the merriment was in the next room. We 
told how Cliff and I fucked in the kitchen of my parents house with them in the
parlor listening to the radio, how I sucked Cliff off one night on the back 
porch  and how one night on a double date with Susie and Herb we managed to 
both cum in a movie theatre sitting next to them. We had numerous ways we had 
gotten each other off in proximity of our parents or friends. They pretty much 
told the same stories. Afterwards Herb took Susie to his bedroom and I took 
Cliff to mine for private love sessions. This was not the end of us fucking 
together with Susie and Cliff and it happened many, many times during our lives.



