
                                    Anal Joy

We had been seeing each other for a few weeks when he invited me to come and
stay at his place for a few days.  I had some time off from work, so I took
him up on it.  We didn't see each other often because of the distance between
us, so this was a great opportunity to be together and get to know each other.

I arrived at the airport and he was there waiting.  We quickly got my luggage
and went "home".  The first night we made love the usual ways, sucking and
fucking each other until we fell asleep.  The next morning I awoke with him
staring down at me as I slept.  I knew that there was something going on
behind that sheepish grin and it was shortly thereafter that I found out just
what it was.

After taking a shower, I came out of the bathroom wearing just a towel.  He
came over to me and pulled me close to him.  His hands ran down my back and
rested on my ass.  "Tonight, I want to take you in there", he said.  I had
never had anal sex before and told him that.  "I know," he said, "so I will
have to prepare you to accept me."  He took me into the bedroom and told me to
bend over.  He spread my cheeks and I could feel something entering my hole.
It was, he explained, a butt plug and would help to loosen me for later.  I
was to wear it all day and only take it out to use the bathroom, after which I
was to call him and he would put it back where it belonged.  It felt strange
at first.  I wasn't used to having something back there.  But, since I wanted
to please him, I did not object.

We spent the day doing normal type things, only every time I took a step I
could feel the plug in my ass.  Even at dinner, when I sat down, it was
obviously there.  When we returned home, he told me to undress and wait for
him on the bed.  I undressed and waited.  He came in shortly and told me that
our relationship was in trouble. He said that I was a spoiled brat (which is
true) and that I needed some discipline.

Before I knew what was happening he had turned me over his knee and was
stroking my ass.  "Now you will get what all spoiled brats deserve" he said.
And with that, his large hand came down on my ass with a loud smacking noise.
I jumped and tried to get away, but his arms were strong and he held me firm.
Over and over again his hand hit my bottom and I could feel it sting and start
to get very warm.  I also noticed that after awhile, I was beginning to enjoy
it.  It was painful, but it was also a turn on!!!  He must have spanked me for
a good five minutes, when he suddenly stopped and I could feel his hand on the
butt plug.  He removed it and told me to get on the bed doggie fashion.  I did
as I was told.  He told me to put my head down, to raise my ass as high as I
could for him, and to spread my legs wide.  I did, and before I could catch my
breath, I could feel his large cock at the entrance to my ass.  He smeared
some KY on my hole and then pressed forward.  Since he is large and thick, the
butt plug had not really prepared me totally.  He pressed harder and soon was
buried in my ass.  Once in, he started fucking my ass.  He went slowly at
first to give my muscles a chance to expand to accommodate his huge cock.  He
reached around and began playing with my clit, all the while thrusting his
cock into me.  We seemed to go on like that for hours.....I wanted to come and
wanted him to fill my ass with his cum.  Suddenly, he began driving his cock
furiously into my hole and I could feel his cock expanding.  I knew that he
was about to come and he would come hard.  He grabbed my hips with both hands
and pumped faster and faster and harder and harder.  I thought that my asshole
would split in two!!!! My fingers took over on my clit rubbing furiously,
faster and faster!!!  I couldn't believe the feelings that were going through
me.  My cunt was soaking wet and every nerve ending in my body was ready to
explode!!  Finally, he was fucking me as if there were no tomorrow!  I
screamed as my body was racked with floods of orgasm.  I could feel him come
as jet after jet of hot cum filled my ass!!  He kept up his fucking motions
until his cock finally went limp.  We both collapsed on the bed totally
exhausted, but I couldn't wait to ask him when we could do that again!!!

                    ******************************************
                    From the collection of -=*<Rough Rider>*=-
                    ******************************************
