THE BIRTHDAY GIFT
by Dorian Henao


     It was a beautiful summer morning; I had been thinking about
Jean's birthday all week long, and here it was. Jean was
celebrating his eighteenth birthday, and did I have a surprise for
him. Let me tell you about Jean, at the time he was about five feet
nine inches tall, and had a medium build, he weighed around 150,
had deep Caribbean blue eyes, and short jet black hair. His skin
was smooth as silk, and when he was 16 he had begun to work out. A
marvelous sight to behold. I came to know him because his mother
asked me if I could tutor him. What began as a friendly
relationship has become a very sexual heated affair.

     When he arrived for his regular lesson, I did as usual, pulled
out a few books, turned on the computer, and began to discuss the
problems at hand. Meanwhile my mind was racing, how was I going to
have this virgin? Did I neglect to tell you that he was shy, and
that he wasn't into girls too much? Oh, now you know why I just had
to have him. About half way into the lesson, I told him I had a
surprise for him, and that I would be teaching him a few other
things later in the evening. Jean replied, "No problem, what's the
surprise?", I said, "Hold on, close your eyes", I pulled out his
gift, I said, "Happy birthday", and gave him a gentle kiss on the
cheek. "He opened the package, and out came an electric blue
swimsuit, his eyes popped, and said "I love it, I've wanted one
like this for a long time." I told him I knew, and that I was glad
he liked it.

     I asked him to come into the library, when he came in I had a
pair of champagne glasses, and proposed a toast to a fruitful life.
If I ever I was going to make a move it was now or never. I told
him I had a great idea, why didn't he try the swimsuit on, I wanted
to know if I had gotten the correct size. I told him "Jean you can
go ahead and strip here, no one's gonna bother us." He undid this
belt, tore his jeans down to his ankles, and stepped out of them.

     Next came the briefs, I could hardly breathe as the
beautifully rounded cock and balls came into view. There was
something lusty about seeing this young boy naked from the waist
down, my prick began to harden, and I had to hold myself back. I
told him, "Jean why don't you take your top off? That way I can see
what you'll look like when you're swimming." As he removed his top,
I just had to help him. I took the top from the back and got it
over his shoulders. His smooth rounded ass was sending electric
shocks thru me, I had to eat this boy up. Jean stepped into the
trunks, pulled them up, and did he ever look good. I said "You look
beautiful! I mean it."

     I could not hold back anymore, I walked over to him, put my
hand on his shoulder and turned him around; I then took my other
hand and slipped it down his side to the waist and on to the boy's
ass, caressing the cheek, up his back, and to the other shoulder.
Jean was startled and began to take a few steps back. At this I
said "Jean, I told you before that you are beautiful, and I mean
every word of it." My hands began to gently play with his crotch,
and I watched as Jean's cock began stretching out, showing rigid in
his tight swimsuit.

     "Jean" I said, "take that swimsuit off, let me show you how
you can enjoy that beautiful body of yours." At this I grasped the
top of the tight shorts and pulled them down about the boy's
thighs, and immediately his hard prick snapped out straight,
standing a good nine inches from his slender body, its base
surrounded by a delightful nest of dark hair, his full rounded
balls hanging down, just ready to me emptied by my greedy lips. I
was enjoying having this young man at my mercy.

     "Come here into the bedroom just as you are, and we can talk
about our discussion last week. I directed Jean to the door leading
to my bedroom, and as the boy had no alternative, he turned and
went thru. AS I entered the room, I undid my 501's and stepped out
of my loafers. Jean sat on the bed and I knelt at his side and took
his erection down my throat. Jean protested, "please don't do this,
please stop, I implore you, please...I...", and with that said I
held him down hard, pushing his throbbing cock in and out of my
throat. Jean began to relax, subsiding in his struggle, and letting
himself go, giving his body to my to ravishing appetite.

     His lovely ass was just what I wanted, I held the boy's legs
up and open wide, and soon had him jumping about on the bed, as
that tongue of mine was licking the cheeks of his tender young
bottom, and oh how these lips ate that ass hole. I began to go back
and forth between Jean's prick and his ass. Jean began to moan and
trash about the bed. I turned him over, and spread his bottom, with
my tongue I dived into his ass and with my hand began to stroke his
cock. Jean was beginning to claw the sheets as I reamed the soul
out of him. I could feel his entire body throbbing, ready to
explode. I stopped and once again turned him on his back. Looking
into his face all I could see was rapture.

     Jean closed his eyes as I brought my face down close to his
breast, and my hot tongue touched the nipple on one side, and then
traveled over to the other one, while my hand massaged his prick,
gently, but firmly. The boy sighed in his pleasure, as my hot hand
went down deep in his crotch, and then the sigh turned into a moan
of ecstasy as I enclosed his hot prick in my steaming mouth, taking
it deeper and deeper; taking each one of his balls into my mouth,
and enveloping it with my tongue.

     Long did I go over the boy's body, over every inch of it, even
to his toes, until Jean was almost crazy with the sensation of
every nerve in his torso being sucked and sucked. My hot mouth had
travelled down one thigh from crotch to foot and up the other side,
from foot to crotch, inside where the skin was tender and
sensitive. And finally as Jean was almost jumping from the bed,
back I went to his throbbing prick again, and this time I knew I
would get the boy's discharge of virgin cream. With this in mind,
I lifted the boy onto my lap, across my hard cock, lodging my cock
in his tender cheeks, spreading his leg, cupping the balls, I went
down for the final plunge, and with Jean's head rolling from side
to side, his fingers clenching and unclenching in his pleasure, I
sucked on. Jean's body was almost convulsed with a mighty throb,
and bore up to my sucking mouth, and a deft, well lubricated finger
began caressing his ass hole, and as I pressed my finger all the
way in, it happened. The boy began to trash in my grasp. I held him
secure as his cum gushed out in great jets into my waiting mouth.
Down I went down on that cock, sucking it almost to the point where
I was lifting him with power of my suction. Time and time again
Jean's body jerked, and I swallowed every drop of his precious
cream, mashing his balls and pressing his crotch, to make more cum
spurt out, while my finger gently worked the glands up his ass.

     Slowly the boy's jerking body subsided, I withdrew my finger,
I could not resist, and cleaned off all of his sweaty crotch. I
gently laid him back on the bed, where he lay still, eyes closed,
relaxed as if dead to the world. I got up, got my self a glass of
perrier. I came back and lay next to Jean and began to softly
stroke his body. Slowly Jean came back to life. His eyes opened,
and he lay looking at me. I said "I know You've never had anything
like this happen to you before Jean, I hope you enjoyed it." Jean
said "I guess I did," was the soft reply he uttered. I didn't know
whether I would have another chance at this boy so I said "Would
you like to try it again, that is to have the same things, and
more, done to you real soon?"I was still caressing his body as I
spoke. Jean looked up to me and while feeling his soft cock replied
"Dorian, it felt good all over. I felt like I was flying for a
moment, and at the end I thought that I was going to pass out."
Saying this, Jean began to feel his entire body, as if, for the
first time realizing how beautiful a body can be. Looking straight
into my eyes, Jean said "Yes, I think I would like it again real
soon." I thought I would die, but didn't let him on to this. I was
truly enjoying my pupil.

     "Jean, why don't you call your parents and tell them you're
staying the night, tell them that you have some exams and that you
really want to study." Jean looked at me, and smiled as he walked
over to the phone and began to dial. I went into the kitchen to get
us something to drink. When I came back Jean was laying on the bed
spread eagle, ready for my next assault. I told Jean how beautiful
he looked, and walked over to the bed and gave him a kiss on the
lips. I gave him his drink, and lay next to him stroking his body.

     I reached again for his cock, and as Jean opened his legs
wide, I took it again, but this time with care, and said "This
thing between your legs can use another workout," he grinned, I
pushed him back on the bed while taking his soft cock between my
lips. In no time at all it was as hard as a rock. For hours on end
I just sucked on his cock, ate his balls, and reamed his ass. I
just could not get enough of this young man. The more I had of him,
the more I wanted.

     I love young men. I love to hold their tender young bodies in
my grasp as they throb and twist, as I ream their juicy asses or
suck on their healthy young cocks. I know their balls hold plenty
of sweet cum, and their tender asses are just made for my long
twisting tongue, or for my hard cock. I know a young guy's body can
take all of the punishment that can be dished out. There's nothing
better than to see a young guy getting fucked by a strong muscular
man, to see a man shove his thick prick up the ass of a boy,
stretching the lad's cheeks wide open, plowing into him to the
depths, as the man fits his body to the boy's, and proceeds to fuck
him to the core, receiving these manly cocks up their asses.

     Thoughts like these drive me insane (at times), specially when
I have a young man in my arms. At this very moment I had Jean
propped up over some pillows with his ass high in the air, moaning
and groaning from the rough handling I was giving him. This time
around I was not being as gentle as before. Jean's ass was so
tempting, my cock was swinging against his ass, and Jean every so
often would give it a good feel, but I knew what I wanted. I wanted
to bury my cock in this boy's ass. I began to play with his ass,
putting my fingers all the way up. I knew I was losing control.

     Without thinking, I places the head of my rigid cock against
Jean's ass hole, and gave it a shove. The slime of my mouth had it
well greased, and the head lodged itself in the opening. Jean
jumped and gagged, and tried to fight me but I forced his legs down
to his shoulders, and told him to relax. I slowly shoved that prick
of mine, slowly, ever so slowly until Jean began to push against
me. I began to move faster, and could see Jean twisting and
turning, but I did not care, I said, "You beautiful bastard, take
my cock." The words coming out thru clinched teeth. Jean was
moaning now, as I plowed into him, and it went further and further
in. I began in and out motions with my heaving body, and I could
hear Jean moan. In a few more plunges I felt our balls touch and
knew that this virgin had all of my cock stuffed up his ass. I
grabbed a jar of KY Jelly, and put some on my hand. I took my hand
and grabbed Jean's soft cock. As it became erect I let him fuck my
hand. I started to get cruel, smashing into he boy's ass, taking my
cock out all the way to the head and then ramming it in. As I
slowed down I said, "Your ass was made for my prick, Jean, and now
you've got it where it belongs. Your ass was made to be fucked and
sucked, and I intend to see that it receives plenty of both." I
began to fuck him hard, I hisses as I felt my climax coming close.
"Jean, you're gonna get a load of my cum up your ass now, and I
know you'll want more of it after this." I fucked him slowly now,
and deeply, digging, into the groaning boy, and all of a sudden, my
body jerked, bracing myself, I felt my prick get even bigger, and
then my climax erupted. I bore into Jean unmercifully, and poured
out my cream.

     "Holy shit, baby take it" I hissed, holding Jean in my
powerful embrace, I came, and came, and came. When I finally took
my cock out Jean's ass, Jean looked at me and leaned over and
kissed me. "Jean" I said, "you've made me very happy, relax...oh I
almost forgot," with this said, I turned Jean over and ate his ass
until I tasted my own cum in him then eating his cock once more I
took Jean's sweet come down my throat.

     The next morning I told Jean that I had a great time, and that
this was the real birthday present. Jean smiled kissed me and
thanked me for turning him onto men. Since them we have had sex at
least once a month. My lover and I love to take turns with him.
But alas, that's another story.
