                         Babysitting Discovery
                                 Part 8
                            Mitchell Knight

        Our vacation was coming to an end.   I woke up the morning of our
last day in Florida and felt a tremendous sense of loss.  Looking back on
the past week, I realized that there had been some really good times, many
of which included sexual encounters.  I met a boy who knew some great
tongue tricks, explored a new sexual avenue with Steve, and seen my dad
and Steve fuck.  I really couldn't ask for much more except for the week
to never end so that I could have these adventures forever.  Unfortunately
all good things come to an end.
        The morning started out beautiful, warm, and sunny just as every
other morning that week had been.  I went out and played with Aaron and
Nick for a while on the beach.  I asked Aaron about his cousin and found
out that his cousin lived in Illinois, near Chicago.  That two state
distance wasn't very encouraging to me.  I had hoped that I could meet him
some day.  Aaron had shown me a picture, and the guy was really cute. 
Plus he seemed to know a lot about sex, and he was my own age.  I
desperately wanted to have sex with him, but right now I didn't see a way
to do it.
        After finding this out, I felt a little depressed about the
situation until lunch.  Steve pulled me aside and said that he would meet
me tonight in my room.  He wanted to celebrate our last night there with a
special surprise for me.  That really perked up my spirits.  I wondered
what he could have in mind.
        That night I ended up going to bed early, hoping that it would
speed Steve's arrival.  It didn't really work; it made the time go slower
as I constantly looked up from my book to check the clock.  I wore only a
pair of boxer shorts so Steve could undress me faster.
        Finally a soft knock came at the door, and Steve entered.  He was
fully dressed and looked as sexy as ever.  I couldn't wait to strip off
his clothes and feast my eyes on that cock of his.
        "Hi, Alex," he said, coming to the bed.
        "Hi," I whispered back.
        He leaned over and kissed me passionately on the lips.  
        "Are you ready for your surprise?" he asked as we broke.
        "Yeah."
        Steve smiled and took a pair of scissors from his pocket.  
        "I think it's time we trimmed that pubic hair of yours," he stated.
        My heart beat picked up speed at the thought of him trimming me. 
I would look just like him, so every time I was naked I would be reminded
of him.  
        "Yes," I answered.
        He tugged at my boxer shorts, and I lifted my hips to allow him to
slip them off.  
        "I'll get the waste basket," he explained as he moved away and
over to the corner where it was.
        "Take off your clothes," I whispered.  I needed to see his naked
body now!
        He grinned.  As he walked over to the wastebasket he slowly pulled
up his shirt and tossed it off.  Then he sat down on the chair and took
off his socks.  He picked up the can and returned to my side with it.  At
my bedside, he slowly peeled off his shorts and his underwear.  His cock
was hardening slowly as it became exposed.
        I slowly stroked his cock and it became hard, extending and
thickening to its full size.  I kissed its head before lying back to let
him trim my crotch.
        He brought the scissors down and snipped away at my pubic hair. 
He took away a lot of the length and then trimmed it into a neat little
mound at the base of my cock.  Then he carefully clipped off the hair on
my balls until they were smooth.  I stroked them after he was done.  I
liked the new look.
        "Let's go look in the mirror," I suggested.
        He willingly followed me into the bathroom.  We stood side by side
with our arms around each other looking into the mirror.  Our hair was
almost a perfect match.  I wished I had a camera at that moment to record
this scene, but I realized as I thought that that I would never forget
this image.
        We left the bathroom and I went and laid down on the bed at
Steve's suggestion.  He crawled between my legs and brought his mouth down
slowly on my cock.  He took it all the way in once and then removed his
lips.  He then began licking at my now hairless ball sac.
        "Dad," a new, but familiar voice whispered from the foot of the bed.
        Steve spun around and came face to face with his son.  Nick stood
at the foot of the bed in the dimly lit room wearing only his white jockey
undershorts.  I could see he had an erection and knew he was excited by
what was happening before him, but I wasn't sure what Steve was going to
do now.  Here his own son had caught him sucking on my dick.  What would
he say?
        "Nick, son, what--"  Steve began, at a loss for words.
        "You have a really big dick," Nick observed, staring at his dad's
erection which was starting to go down.
        "Uh...Nick, why don't you and I go back into your room and I'll
explain what's going--"
        "I know what you're doing.  I didn't think you did this though.  I
thought just us kids did this stuff," Nick said.
        "Well, no, not just kids.  Adults do it too," Steve answered.
        "Can I do it with you?" Nick asked.
        "No, Nick, I don't think that would be a good idea..."
        "Can I do it with Alex?" he asked.
        Steve just looked at me.  I didn't want to give away the fact that
Nick and I had already had sex since I wasn't sure how he would react.  I
hoped that Nick would have enough sense to keep quiet about it too.  I
just nodded and shrugged my shoulders in response.
        "I guess that it's okay with Alex, but there's something you have
to understand, Nick," Steve said.
        "What?"
        "You can't tell anybody about what happens in this room tonight. 
Do you understand.  Nobody.  Not even your mom," Steve said.
        Nick nodded.  "I won't tell anyone.  It's a secret."
        Steve nodded.  Then he turned back to me and as he looked at me, I
could see a light twinkle in his eye.  
        "I have an idea," Steve said.
        "What?" I asked.
        "Would you like him to do your ass?" Steve asked.
        "Sure," I answered, pretending that this would be the first time,
since I knew that was what Steve would expect.
        Steve turned to Nick.  "How does this sound?  Some boys like it
when another boy sticks their dick into his butt hole.  Would you like to
do that to Alex?"
        "Yeah," Nick nodded.
        Steve got off the bed and I immediately rolled over onto my
stomach.  I didn't want to chance having Nick see my clipped new look and
saying something about that.  
        "Okay, Nick, take off your underwear," Steve said.
        His son eagerly tore them off and climbed onto the bed.  Steve
brought out the Vaseline and began lubing up my anus with it.
        "Okay, Nick, now what you're going to do is stick your dick into there
and push it in and out.  Do you understand?" Steve asked.
        "Yeah," Nick answered.
        Steve put some Vaseline on Nick's erection and really noticed its
size for the first time.
        "Yep, you're my son all right.  Your dick is going to be just as
big as mine when you grow up," he said.
        "I hope so, Dad."
        Steve guided Nick's erection into my anus.
        "We're going to do this real slow at first.  Let me know if it
starts to hurt, Alex," Steve told me.
        "Okay."
        Steve slipped Nick's erection into me very easily.  I was already
accustomed to its small size, relatively speaking, so I didn't have any
problems.  Then Nick was given free reign as Steve moved back and let Nick
thrust in and out of my ass.
        "How does that feel, Nick?" Steve asked.
        "It's all slippery and my dick feels tingly," Nick answered.
        I could see that Steve was excited by the display.  He stood just
off the side of the bed with his huge erection in hand, slowly stroking it
and watching us intently.  
        Matching Nick's rhythm, I began to push back as he came forward,
trying to push him even deeper into me.  I felt an orgasm begin to build
within me and let myself go.  Nick's rhythm began to speed up and soon I
felt his cock twitch a little inside of me; I knew he had cum, but he kept
on pumping into me like a little trooper.  From experience, I knew that he
could come many times without losing his erection because he wasn't
producing semen yet.  I guess an orgasm changed once semen was involved.
        Steve couldn't stand being apart from the action and soon joined
us on the bed.  He put his head under me as I crouched on all fours with
Nick pounding into me.  His mouth found my erection and he began giving me
a blowjob.  I couldn't believe the sensations I was feeling.
        With this treatment on both ends, my orgasm came quickly.  I
erupted into Steve's mouth, pouring out the semen from my fantastic orgasm.
Steve swallowed it all up and then removed his mouth.
        "Okay, Nick, you can stop now," he told him.  I was happy he said
something because Nick's movements in my ass weren't doing as much for me
any more, and I just wanted to lay down for a little while and get back my
breath.
        Nick joined us on the bed.  We laid down with Steve between us. 
He put his arms around us both and hugged us to him.
        "Can I suck your dick, Dad?" Nick asked.
        Although Steve had gotten over some of his inhibitions about his
son and sex, I could see he wasn't going to go that far.
        "No, Nick, but you can watch Alex do it," Steve answered.
        "Okay," Nick sighed.  His little hand lightly touched his dad's
penis before we got up and moved into position.
        Nick got off the bed and stood next to it watching while Steve lay
back with me between his legs.  I brought my mouth down on his limp penis
and worked at it bringing it to an erection quickly using some of the new
tricks that Aaron had taught me.
        "Unh, Alex, that feels really good.  You've learned..." Steve noticed.
        I continued to work on his erection, attacking it with all my
energy.  I was determined to give him a great climax.  I slipped a finger
into his anus and felt him loosen the muscles there to allow it.  I wormed
this deep into him and continued to probe as I sucked.
        He came, his muscles contracting around my finger, and his semen
shooting in large jets into my mouth.  This time I swallowed it all.  I
was quite proud of myself.
        "That was great," Steve gasped right after.  He sat up and kissed
me with his mouth open.  I returned it.  I could feel his tongue inside my
mouth, tasting his own semen.
        "Nick, go back to your room.  I'll come in there in a little bit
and tuck you in," Steve said.
        Nick nodded and then left.
        "You know that tape of me that you found?" Steve asked.
        'How could I forget it?' I wondered.
        "Yeah."
        "I had always hoped that you would find it," Steve said.
        "You did?" 
        "Yeah.  I put it there just for you.  I used to check it every
night after you babysat.  You can't imagine how excited I was when I saw
that you had finally found it."
        "I'm glad I did."
        "Me too."
        He kissed me again and then got up and got dressed.  He said
good night and then went into Nick's room.
        I lay there for quite a while after he left thinking about
everything that I had done since I'd found that tape.  I was very happy
about it all, but I knew that my time with Steve would have to come to an
end some time.  I needed to find someone my own age to fool around with. 
My time with Steve had been great, but it could become a problem if anyone
else found out about it, and the same went for what Nick and I had done. 
I needed someone like Aaron's cousin.
        Once I came to this conclusion, I knew that the journey for a sex
partner my own age would be a fun one.  I looked forward to it.

The End

