Finally, I thought to myself as I saw the cop car approaching.  I'd been 
leaning against my car for the last 2 hours waiting for someone to drive 
by.  I was beggining to worry that no one would discover me as I was 
miles from the closest city, in the middle of the Arizona badlands.  The 
sun was incredibly hot beating down my unaccustomed skin.  Coming from 
Boston, I wasn't used to this extreme heat . . . nor, apparantly, was my 
mazda.  Thus, the cop car was a welcome relief.  Finally, i would be able 
to summon a tow-truck, and get the hell back to civilization.  

The black and white car pulled in behind my car causing a cloud of dust 
to rise.  As I approached, the cop openned his door and stepped out.  I 
had to catch my breath when I fully envisioned the cop.  He was huge.  
About 6 foot 4 and at least 240 lbs.  His beige uniform stretched against 
his full body presenting a striking figure.  "What's the problem, boy?" 
he asked his deep and masculine voice.  "Well, officer, my car seems to 
have died and I'm not sure exactly what to do."  "Your not from around 
here, are you boy," he asked.  "No.  I'm from Massachusetts.  I'm 
supposed to be driving across the country and meeting with a group of 
friends in San Diego," I responded.  With that, the giant cop 
walked around to the front of my car, lifted the hood, and leaned forward 
to inspect the engine.  As I stood back, I couldn't help but stare at his 
body.  He wasn't one of those steroid induced bulging veins and muscles 
types.  Rather, he had a rounded muscular appearance, with his body 
pressed against the material of his uniform.  As he leaned forward, my 
eyes fixed on his butt and thighs.  His butt was large and full and his 
uniform gripped it like a second skin.  "Boy . . . " he shouted.  
Escapeing my stare, I noticed that he was looking back at me from under 
the hood.  Oh shit, I thought too myself, did he catch me staring at his 
ass?  "Did you know your distributor cap is missing?"  he asked 
rhetorically.  "Uh, no, I uh,  . . . sorry I'm a little distracted," I 
responded hesitantly.  He kind of grunted and looked back to the engine.  
I could see his huge, bubble like biceps moving about as he searched the 
engine.  My god, this guy is beautiful, I mummled beneath my breath.  
Thats when I realized he was looking back at me again.  

"Do you like what you see, boy?" he asked.  I wasn't sure how to respond 
his question, fearful that he might beat the crap out of me if he didn't 
like my answer.  Before I had I chance to respond, he said, "I think you 
do!"  I followed his eyes to my crotch to see that I had a monster boner 
pressing against my cut-offs.  "Uh, yea, I guess I do like what I 
see," I said as I could feel the blood racing into my face.  By now he 
had lowered the hood and was leaning against the front of the car with 
his huge arms crossed.  "So 
what are you gonna do about it, boy?" he said as a large smiled spread 
across his face.  Recognizing this as an invitation, I walked towards the 
gorgeous cop.  He reached out and grabbed me, pulling me close against 
his body.  Lowering his head he pressed his full lips against mine, 
plunging his tongue deep into to my mouth.  Meanwhile, his hands roamed 
my back grabbing my ass.  Though I wasn't a god like this guy, I wasn't 
bad.  At 180 lbs and 5'11,  I wasn't as muscular as I was well 
proportioned.  I had a great bubble ass, as the cop had obviously discovered.
His hands ground into my butt as I squirmed in his tight hug.  

"O.K. boy, I'm gonna fuck your little East coast ass."  With that he 
pushed me back and grabbed my t-shirt by the collar, ripping it clear off 
my chest.  His aggressiveness was a complete turn-on causing my boner to 
stress against my shorts.  He reached down and unbuttoned my shorts, 
pulling them and my jockeys to my ankles.  As I stepped out of them, he 
pulled back and began to strip.  Dropping his holster to the ground, he 
proceeded to unbutton his to top.  As he pulled it off he exposed a 
beautiful rounded, and developed chest and shoulders.  Next he pulled off 
his boots and dropped his pants.  Before me stood the most beautiful man 
I had ever seen.  His full 10 inch cock stood erect from his body, 
pointing at me.  I couldn't resist.  As he leaned his butt against the 
car, I plunged down onto his dick.  As I pumped my wet mouth against his 
hard cock he moaned and thrust his pelvis into my face.  Tracing my tongue 
up and down the length of his shaft, I licked the drops of pearlly cum 
from the tip of his dick.  After a little more mouth pumping aided by his 
strong hands against the back of my head, I lowered my kneeling position 
so as to have better access to his huge sac.  Slipping both testicles into 
my mouth at the same time, I heard his groans intensify as his hands 
carressed my head.  "Thats it boy, suck my balls", he said as I ran my 
tongue all over his sac.  As my tongue darted into his crotch, he spread 
his legs for better access.  "Oh yeah man, you want my ass don't you," he 
groaned.  Without providing a chance for response, he pushed my head back 
and turned around so as to lean forward over the hood.  His beautiful ass 
was relatively hair free, like his front, giving it a smooth and inviting 
appearance.  With little hesitation, I dug in.  My tongue traced his 
crack down his butt, pressing in between his two butt cheeks. As I 
reached my target, I pulled the two globes of flesh back to reveal his 
awaiting hole.  I let my tongue lap against his hole smelling the sweet 
aroma of sweat and and soap.  As I traced circles around the hole with my 
tongue his moaning increased and he thrust his butt into my face.  
Realizing his anxiety, I reached up between his legs and grabbed his 
engorged cock.  At precisely the same time as I pulled his cock skin 
back, I thrust my tongue into his wanton ass.  He moaned in pleasure.  As 
I looked up I couldn't believe that I was sucking on this giant cop's ass 
in the middle of the Arizona desert. After a little more butt sucking, he 
turned again and raised me up to his level.  Picking me up, he placed me 
on the hood of the car, lying on my back.  I adjusted my position so that 
my head was off the hood, allowing him to stradle my face.  As he stepped 
forward, he straddled my face so that his crotch rested above my mouth.  
Leaning forward, he grabbed my hard cock and swallowed it into his 
waiting hot mouth.  Reaching around his back to raise myself, I again dug 
my tonge into his hungry hole.  As he pounded my cock, I lapped my wet 
tongue up and down his crack.  Realizing that I was getting close to 
exploding, he shouted, "not yet, boy, I'm gonna fuck you first."  With 
that he pulled me off the hood and stood me forward against the car.  
Grabbing my hips he stepped forward pressing his hard cock between my 
butt cheeks.  "Aren't you going to lube up," I asked with a touch of fear 
in my voice.  "Shut the fuck up and bend over," he instructed.  Following 
his orders I bent over the hood.  As his hands pulled my cheeks apart, he 
thrust his cock up my asshole.  Although I winced in pain, he didn't relent, 
pounding his 10 inches of hard cock up my ass.  As the pain subsided, I 
began to moan in pleasure.  His dick rubbed against my prostrate, 
bringing me closer to climax.  "Oh god, I think I going to blow," I 
yelped as his relentless pounding continued.  Almost simealtaneous with 
the squirting of cum from my engorged dick, I felt a flood of cum explode 
into my asshole.  As our orgasms subsided, he leaned down onto my back in 
a heap of flesh and sweat.  "That was great," I said as I caught my 
breath.  "If you think that was good, boy, just wait until the boys at 
the station get a load of you!"
