
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:03:25 1996
From: rpaladin@ix.netcom.com(Richard Fischer)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST : The Basletball Team #5 nc s&m v etc.......
Date: 24 Jun 1996 01:26:00 GMT
Organization: Netcom
Lines: 394
Message-ID: <4qkqr8$fkt@dfw-ixnews9.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: wck-ca9-21.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Sun Jun 23  8:26:00 PM CDT 1996
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!news.drenet.dnd.ca!crc-news.doc.ca!nott!torn!newsfeed.internetmci.com!hunter.premier.net!netnews.worldnet.att.net!ix.netcom.com!news


The following in a collaboration of Parker and myself (Paladin). 
We hope you enjoy it.

Comments should be sent to alt.sex.stories.d please.

The following contains nonconsensual sex, violence, s&m, rape, 
sadism etc.

If you are under age or offended by such, please go on to the 
next posting.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                 The Basketball Team #5


The sound of screaming came from outside. Larry walked over to a
dirt-caked window and knocked out the pane. Sure enough, the
tackle sleds were back in the school yard and fast approaching.
Bubba was still in the lead, but Dimona was close behind. He had
gone to the long whip and was snapping at his fillies' nipples.
The girl's screamed, pushing with all their might, but, in spite
of the meth, they were beginning to falter. Bubba shouted
encouragement, working the whip for all he was worth.

Dimona, despite being reduced to only the short whip, saw her
chance. She swished her dragger's asses with all her strength,
bringing her 'persuader' down again and again. The sounds of
screaming reached Larry's ears as Dimona's girls, somehow fresher
than Bubba's, responded with an increase in speed. Dimona's sled
picked up speed, slowly closing the distance.

Faced with defeat, Bubba acted true to his character: he
cheated. Leaning back, he snapped his long whip, catching one of
Mary's girls right on the labia. It was Elizabeth, a tall girl
with short red hair and a face full of freckles. Normally a
vivacious, energetic girl, the combination of abuse, drugs and
physical exertion had left her a mess. Half dazed, she was
pushing Mary's cart with all the strength left to her, but when
Bubba's whip caught her labia, her cunt exploded up with stinging
fire. Letting out a loud scream at the unexpected pain, she
stumbled and fell, immediately slowing Dimona's cart.

Enraged, Dimona leaned off the side of her sled and started
yelling at Bubba as his sled pulled away and passed the courtyard
finish line. She was still yelling and cursing when her own sled
entered the courtyard, and thus didn't see the lowered roof that
slammed her in the face and knocked her off her sled. 

Everything went black.

She was out for most of the festivities, but when she finally
woke her cunt was being ministered to by the defeated Bubba.
Muttering a vague curse, she reached up and dragged his face down
for a wet, sloppy kiss. 

He may be a fat, cheating bastard, but he was *her* fat cheating
bastard! Young love be the best...

**

The dazed, exhausted girls were freed from their sleds. Silent,
dripping with sweat, the naked white girls trooped into the gym
behind Larry. There in what had been the center court they saw
Synthia in a brightly lit area in the middle of the room. The
basketball coach was kneeling over a small, specially designed
stool. Her hands were cuffed to its center post and her knees
were locked to metal rings also attached to the post. The
adjustment kept her bent over the stool with her cunt open to
all. Her long brown hair hung down to the floor, obscuring her
face.

The exhausted girls moaned and sobbed as Larry herded them back
to their dildo bench and had them sit down again. Their pussies
and asses were still covered by red duct tape, so Larry forced
them to sit on the back part of the bench, with the dildos
sprouting up between their thighs. On his orders, each girl
grabbed the dildo and held on. First girl that took her hand off,
Larry told them, would have the thing in her ass. Crying, the
girls held on for dear life.

Back under the lights, Lucy knelt beside Synthia, 'encouraging'
the white woman to arch her back and spread her legs by running a
bristle street sweeper brush under her tender tits. The touch of
the wire brush caused Synthia to arch up to avoid the bristles.
Satisfied, Lucy went round and secured the waist strap which held
Synthia's middle to the stool seat.

The coach tried to lower her ass, but the black woman waved the
brush. "Now you just arch up nice and pretty there and I won't
have to use the brush on your tits again... or somewhere else.
You stick up and give that pussy out and I don't have to do more.
You stick it down and denies him, I put this sucker under 
there and then every time he pounce you get stuck more. You got 
that bitch?" 

Synthia, dazed and humiliated, could do nothing more than nod her
head in confused agreement. Anything to avoid pain. But... what
did she mean... pounce? Frightened, she squirmed on the stool,
being careful to keep her ass high in the air. What was...

Impatient, Marty strode on set. "OK... OK... let's get the show
on the road I'm losing the light. Walt, you reloaded?" The
cameraman nodded. "OK, you cocksucker... you better get some
great shots. Cost me a fortune to get that kind of stuff for my
orgy pic. Even..." The producer glanced over at Larry and
smirked. "...if the spooks work for less than scale."

Marty grinned when Larry glowered at him. "Hey big guy, how bout
you give me the broads for tomorrow's shoot. I'll make it worth
your while. Course I got to consider you their agent and..."

Larry cut him off: "Look asshole, I don't know nothin 'bout
tomorrow. These bitches got a game today. If my team win, I'll
probably let's um go home with the bus." Larry raised his voice
to make sure the girls heard. "Else wise I think a nice bus
accident with a fire roast their pussies to the right color." 

For the first time since he'd arrived that morning, Marty looked
shocked: "Spook... Spook... don't go nuts on me. That'd be a
waste of good pussy. I mean I got an orgy pic and then the
"Farmer in the Dell" project just waiting for a troop like this.
They'd be perfect. I could use um all." He pointed at Regina.
"Even the boy over there." 

"That there's a bitch," Larry growled, stalking up to the shorter
man and glaring down at him, "and if you keep call'n me 'spook',
you'll be one too. 'f you know what I mean."

Marty swallowed. "Well, uh... I'll be dam, spoo...  I mean
spade." Larry growled, but the producer turned his attention to
Regina again. "A bitch, you say? I got just the pic for her.
She'd be a great butch with that hidden cunt of her's." He turned
back to Larry. "What say Spade? I'll get lots of use out of um."

Larry turned to the girls. "YOU'LL HEAR THIS FOOL? YOU WIN THE
GAME TONIGHT AND I GIVE YOU TO HIM." The girls stared at him,
wide-eyes. "Now watch here." He gestured at the pool of light.
"See what you'll be doin'."

"I'm all set," Walt shouted, right on cue.

Relieved at having an excuse to walk away, Marty turned and
hurried onto the impromptu set. "OK... OK... everything ready?"
Receiving a nod from Walt, he walked around behind the camera.
"In 1... 2... 3... action." Walt switched on the camera and Marty
gestured at Tommy. Grinning, the man lead the great dane towards
Synthia's captive ass.

Finally, Synthia realized what was going to happen. "NO... NO...
Don't do this... don't let him." The basketball twisted and
squirmed on the stool, trying to protect her ass by squeezing her
thighs tightly shut.

Marty was disgusted. "CUT! CUT! That's fuckin' great. Lucy, you
know you should have placed that brush under her stomach. This
bitch ain't Wanda. Where she is from they probably never get a
break like this at the start. Get that damn brush and fix it
right this time." 

Angry, Lucy jumped to the task. She grabbed the twisting woman's
breasts and pinched until she raised her body from the stool.
Once the woman's back was properly arched, Lucy took the wire
brush and jammed it, bristles up, under her crotch. Synthia let
out a cry of pain as gravity puller her tender crotch down onto
the bristles. "I tried to go easy on you," Lucy hissed, running a
long fingernail down the outside of Synthia's pussy lips. "Now
see how you like this."

"Please..."

Lucy laughed and walked away.

Marty nodded. "OK," he called. "Now action... for real this
time."
 
Tommy let the dog off the leash. Confused, the great dane came up
and sniffed at Sythia's exposed ass. The woman tried to pull
away, but the pain from the wire brush was too great. With a
quiet growl, Rover licked the unfamiliar sex organs. 

Not fast enough for Marty. "Cut!" He glared at the trainer.
"Let's Speed him up Tom. We're losin' the light." 

While Tommy prepared Rover, Marty wandered over and knelt down in
front of Regina. Leering, he reached up and fondled her tiny
breasts. He was fascinated: it *was* a girl. "You could have a
great career as a butch for me, kid. Sorry I thought you'se a boy
but well you have to admit, you look the part. Be a shame to
waste you in an... accident."

Larry had walked over to see what was happening, but stopped when
he heard what the producer was saying. He grinned; it fit right
into his plans.

Regina was not so happy; she broke down and started to cry in
earnest. Her hands itched to slap this nasty man, but she was
afraid of what would happen if she took them off the dildo.
Sobbing, she promised herself she would never shoot another
basket in her life. If she ever got out of this, why, she would
go to a nunnery. Anything to get out of this madhouse...

"C'mon Marty... you in a hurry, or what?"

"Later," Marty grinned, giving her cheek a pat. The bald producer
stood up and walked back to the set, where filming was almost
ready to start again.

"Roll 'm."

The dog, now more motivated, advanced quickly. Synthia was beside
herself with fear. "Please," she begged, staring back over her
shoulder at the advancing dog. "I'm sorry... I didn't mean it.
I'll tell the officials that they have to give you the game. I'll
tell them I cheated... I'll..." The great dane, oblivious to her
begging, jumped forward and came down on her back, causing her to
sink down onto the wire brush. 

"Ahhhhh..." Synthia let out a loud, agonized scream as she tried
to foce her body to arch up off the penetrating brush. The dog
was too heavy, though. With a growl, he began to hump up and down
on the captive woman like he'd gone crazy, sliding his cock up
and down on the coach's back. Synthia immediately stopped
screaming and started trying to wriggle away from his slimy dick,
anything to keep it from penetrating.

Marty watched for a couple of moments and then snorted in
disgust. "Stupid dog!" He looked over at Tommy. "You call
yourself a trainer? The dog couldn't fuck the broad side of a
barn." 

Tommy shrugged. 

Walt stopped filming. 

Marty thought for a second, and then stalked over to the bench
where the girls were sitting, plastic dicks in hand. 

Larry held back, waiting to see what would happen. 

He walked up to Regina. "You, butch..." He grabbed her hair and
pulled her from the bench. "You're coach needs some dog dick. Go
help her out."

Regina stared in horror. "No! Please... I couldn't do that... I'm
a good girl. I.." 

Marty grabbed her arm and shoved her towards the set. "Well this
here dog can come 10... 12 times an hour. You don't do it. I see
to it we use you in the sequel... in about half an hour or so.
Hell, might do it anyway. I got a feeling about you... you're a
natural. More of a butch type, but the dog thing..."

He let the threat hang unspoken.

Regina looked uncertain. 

"You wanna switch?" he asked. "I bet your coach'd be real happy
to help him with you..." 

Terrified, Regina nodded. She walked slowly forward and knelt
down to find the dogs cock. 

"Start the camera," Marty hissed.

"OK."

"Grrr..." The dog growled menacingly from its perch atop the
helpless basketball coach. He wasn't inside of her, but she was
his. Any threat...

Regina looked around, but there was no respite. Swallowing, she
said: "Nice doggie... nice doggie." Tentatively, she rubbed his
head, paying special attention to just behind his ears. When he
calmed down a bit, she reached down and cupped his dick with her
right hand. 

"A natural," Marty whispered loudly.

Grimacing with disgust, Regina positioned the dog's cock...

Sythia was frantic. "Regina, for the love of god, don't... 

Too late. The dark haired teenager had positioned the cock,
inserted it and the dog did the rest.

"Ahhh... no... no, get it out... please..." Regina fell back as
her coach bucked and heaved under the weight of the great dane.
"It's in the wrong place... oh god, it hurts... please, Regina...
please get it out."

Frightened, Regina tried to back away, but Marty ran up behind
her and grabbed her by the hair. He dragged her around to
Synthia's face, forced her to kneel and stretched her hand to the
coach's dangling tits. 

"Girly you fucked up, but no problem. I still say you're a
natural. Besides, she gots lots of holes; one's as good as
another. Now, to make amends I want you to grab these cow tits of
hers and make nice nice with the bitch. Make her nice and happy.
Maybe give her a kiss or two. I bet you can make her come even
with your fuck up. You're a natural." Marty released the girl and
backed away. "Just remeber, you could be next!"

Sobbing, Regina seized Synthia's tits and began to squeeze them.
Not having any tits to speak of, and never having touched another
girl, she started kneading them, like she would bread dough. 

"Regina... please... please... no do... don... don't... please.."
Synthia babbled insanely, arching her back and twisting
helplessly on the stool as the dog ass fucked her and her player
kneaded her breasts.

Marty was ecstatic. "That's right, baby, right on... right on,
bitch. Kiss the bitch. Make it good for her... go on..."
 
Regina looked at him in horror.

"Come on dog girl," Larry called from the side, getting into the
event. "Kiss the bitch... or would you rather kiss nice doggie's
dick. I don't think Rover had a nice suck off this month. Coach
won't mind the delay and Rover just another day in the biz. I
make you suck him off, you don't get a move on." 

"Regina," Synthia whispered, her voice made unsteady by the
pounding motion of the dog. "Don't listed to them. Please don't
make me..." 

Regina made her choice. Still twisting and squeezing the dangling
orbs, she leaned forward and kissed her basketball coach with a
passion she's formerly saved for her as yet imaginary boyfriends.
This was for real. Synthia had made her come here. She hadn't
wanted to play on the team in the first place. She had bad
enough trouble being teased about looking like a boy without
getting involved in sports. But Synthia had convinced her. She'd
get this bitch. She gripped her coach's tits and ground her lips
against Synthia's unwilling mouth. When that mouth opened, the
small breasted teenager slipped her tongue in and began to suck.

Moaning around the girl's invading tongue, Synthia struggled to
get away, but the death grip on her tits... the stool... the
straps and the brush... and, most of all, the dog in her ass
hole. She was... no god, no she was not a... Why was she so wet?
No, not with a dog... She wouldn't .... She couldn't... oh
god....

Then, without warning, the dog's dick swelled in her ass and shot
what must have been a quart of hot spunk up her anus. She almost
fainted, half in relief. She was saved... It was over, and she
hadn't... Wait a moment... it didn't go down. It stayed there it
was.... No! No! She was coming... coming...

"Ahhh..."

"Fuckin' great. Hope your getting all this."

"Don't sweat it," Walt answered.

Oh god... it was still there. He stayed inside and the swelling
didn't go down. She was lost. She tried to sink down, but the
brush forced her tender flesh to raise up again, fucking back
against Rover. The dog took this as a cue to start again and went
on with his love making.

At a cue from Marty, Lucy came over and fastened a second belt
loose over the dog's haunches, locking it in place. Then she took
Regina back to her seat. "Big dog like that there cum till the
cows come home, girl," she explained, sitting the tomboy down
behind the dildo "She be tasting his cum for days. You done
good. You be good with dog fuckers. You like horses?"

"A natural," Marty called over.

Lucy grinned and turned back to the snivelling teenager. "You win
the game and it looks like you got a job with old Marty, here."
Regina let out a loud sob as the black woman walked away.

Back on the set, Synthia came again... and again... and again...
She didn't know what was happening to her; she was delirious; her
ass hurt; her tits hurt... *everything* hurt. But all she could
do
was come again and again, screaming and wailing like a demented
fuck doll as the dog pounded its massive dick into her guts.

Coming again... and again... and again...









