                          Babysitting Discovery
                                 Part 7
                             Mitchell Knight
        
        The next day was another one spent at the beach.  I got a lot of
sun that day playing out on the sand with Aaron and Nick.  Later in the
day my mom and Tami took my sister and they went out.  I guess they went
shopping, but I wasn't sure.
        When they returned, we all went out for dinner.  Then we went out
to a movie theater together.  My sister, mom, and Tami went to a Disney
picture at my sister's insistence while us guys went to an action flick. 
It was an okay movie.   I got to sit next to Steve so that was really the
best part of it.
        After getting back, I went to my room and read for a while.  I
ended up falling asleep, but woke up a little later feeling very thirsty.
        I undressed, put on boxer shorts, and creeped quietly downstairs
to get something to drink.  As I passed the family room, I saw my dad
drinking with Steve.  I crept quietly past this room and went to the kitchen.
        Beer cans were piled up in the recycling bin.  I realized they must
have been drinking for quite a while.  I got my water and then crept back
to the family room.  I was curious as to what they were talking about.
        Kneeling in the dark recesses of the doorway, I had a clear view
of them as they continued to drink.
        "Yeah, those were some fun times," my dad said.
        "We sure were a couple of studs," Steve commented.
        "I had my share, but you--you had more than enough women," my dad said.
        "Aw, c'mon, Dan.  Not that many," Steve chuckled.
        Their words were slightly slurred as they spoke, and I could see
they were really drunk, but it was a mellow drunk.
        "Oh, yeah, too many.  And what about guys?" my dad asked with a grin.
        "Guys?" Steve asked.  "What are ya talkin' 'bout?"
        "I heard you fucked some guys too," he answered.
        I was shocked to hear my dad swear.  He never swore in my
presence, not even when he got hurt.
        "Well..."
        "Did ya?" my dad asked, smiling broadly and leaning forward.
        "Yeah, I did," Steve admitted.
        "Really?" my dad asked, a little skeptical as he sat back.  "What
was it like?" He took a swig of beer.
        "It was good."
        "Ya liked it?"  
        "Yeah."
        "Have you done it since you were married?" my dad asked. 
        "No," Steve lied.  At least he wasn't so drunk to reveal what he
and I had done. 
        "Do you want to?" he asked so softly I barely caught what he said. 
        "I think about it sometimes," Steve admitted. 
        "What about right now?"
        "You mean you and me?" Steve asked. 
        My dad thought for a while and answered. "Yeah."
        My cock immediately sprang to life.  Would they do it together,
right here, right now?  My erection poked through the loose fly of my
boxer shorts and my fingers began to tease the head.
        Steve reached across the back of the couch and stroked my dad's
neck.  My dad put his hand on Steve's thigh and tentatively began
caressing his thigh.  Then Steve's hand moved to my dad's shirt front
where he began to unbutton the shirt.
        Surprisingly enough for me, I was becoming excited by the idea of
seeing my dad naked.  I'd only seen him nude when I was a kid and those
memories were really fuzzy as I looked back.  I felt weird about getting
excited about my dad's naked body, so I tried to tell myself I was excited
about seeing Steve naked again and having sex with my dad.
        My dad's shirt came off and I could see his broad chest.  It was
lightly tanned from the days out in the sun.  His pectorals were covered
in curly brown hair, and I could see his pink nipples poking up from this
hair.  He also had a line of hair running down between his pecs over his
abdomen and then disappearing under his shorts.
        Steve was already at work revealing this hidden hair to my eyes. 
Steve had undone his shorts and was unzipping them.  My dad stood up to
let Steve finish undressing him. 
        My dad's cock began to thicken and elongate once exposed to the
air.  His penis looked a lot like mine and seemed t be about the same
size.  Steve was kneeling before him, having just removed my dad's
clothes.  He brought his mouth to my dad's crotch and began to blow him.
        "Oh, Steve, that feels so good," my dad groaned.  His hands were
running through Steve's thick, black hair, ruffling it as Steve sucked on
my dad's erection.
        My hand began to work a little faster on my erection as Steve
continued the blowjob.  I saw him reach under my dad's hairy balls and
figured he was going to slip a finger up my dad's ass.  I really liked
that; I wondered how my dad would feel about it.
        "Oh yeah," he sighed.  He spread his legs a little to allow Steve
easier access.
        I sat down then.  Kneeling on the hardwood floor for that long was
tough on my knees.  I could still see just fine and continue my private
stroking while the show continued.
        "Hold on," my dad said, pushing Steve's head away.
        "What?" Steve asked.
        "I really want you to fuck me.  You better do it now, too, before
I change my mind," my dad explained.
        Steve smiled. "Okay."
        He quickly undressed.  The two men stood naked before each other:
my dad with his cock hard and glistening from Steve's saliva, and Steve
with his impressive prick at half mast.
        "You're really hung," my dad complimented.  He touched Steve's
cock.
        "Thanks."
        "Will it hurt? You're so big..."
        "Don't worry.  I know what I'm doing," Steve answered with a smile
of reassurance.  "Now get on all fours with your ass in the air."
        My dad went doggie style before Steve, and Steve knelt behind him.
        "Shouldn't we have some kinda lube or somethin'?" my dad asked,
trying to look back at Steve.
        "I'll take care of that," Steve answered.
        He spread my dad's ass cheeks and put his mouth to the crack.  I
didn't have a very good view since this was mostly profile, but I figured
he was tonguing my dad's anus.
        "Oh yeah.  That feels great," my dad told him, pushing his ass
into Steve's face for more.
        Then Steve spit on his hands and rubbed these over his erection. 
It was not stiff and at full size.  He lined it up and began inserting it
inch by inch into my dad.
        "How's that?" he asked when it was half way in.
        "Okay."
        Steve went ahead and pushed it all the way home.  Then he started
thrusting slowly in and out of my dad's ass.  I could hear my dad grunt at
each thrust.  I couldn't tell if he was enjoying it or not.  I hope he was
even though I was a little jealous that he got to have sex with Steve
instead of me getting Steve to myself.  Still, it was fun to watch.
        The sight of Steve's thick cock driving in and out of my dad's
butt really excited me.  I increased the pumping action on my cock as I
watched Steve's firm, smooth buttocks clench as he thrust.
        Steve spit on his hand and reached under my dad to grab his
erection.  He began stroking as he thrust.
        "Fuck me, Steve.  Oh, that feels so good," my dad said, his body
moving in tandem with Steve.  I couldn't believe my dad was talking so
dirty. 
        "You're so tight, Dan.  I love fucking your ass," Steve answered. 
        I began pumping faster on my erection, my hips thrusting in time
as I watched this intense fucking.  Steve thrust faster and faster, a
sweat coming to his brow.  His hand on my dad's cock picked up speed too. 
Suddenly he thrust forward hard and let out a loud moan as his entire body
tensed. 
        Then he collapsed on my dad for a few moments.  I stopped jacking
off and watched as Steve removed his cock and bent to lick at my dad's
anus. 
        "We need to finish you off," Steve told him.  "Go sit on the
couch."
        My dad got up and went to the couch.  Steve knelt between his legs
and began sucking him off again.  It was all I could do to keep from
running in there and joining them.  I picked up the speed on my cock once
again while I watched. 
        Steve's hair was being ruffled once again by my dad as he was
being blown.  My dad sat with his head thrown back, eyes closed in
ecstasy, and legs spread wide.  I could see the back of Steve's head as it
went up and down my dad's shaft. 
        "Suck my cock!  Suck that big fucker," my dad ordered. 
        Steve picked up the pace, and I worked my cock in time to his head
motions.  I imagined I was in my dad's spot. 
        Soon my dad's legs tensed, and he let out a low groan.  Steve
stopped his head motions to catch my dad's semen as it pumped into his
mouth.  As my dad came, I realized I was about to come also.  I removed my
hand as soon as I felt it, but it was too late.  Semen shot out from my
penis and splattered all over my chest.  I heard glob hit the floor next to
me.
        'Shit!'
        I quickly slipped out of my boxers and cleaned up the floor with
them and then ran it over my chest to catch most of the semen there.  My
hand was still sticky with semen, but I would take care of that once I got
back to my room.  I couldn't let them catch me watching.  I quickly ran
upstairs and into my room where I was safe.
        Once I had cleaned up, and was laying in bed, I knew that I now
had some new material to replay in my mind when I was masturbating.





-------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

Press <RETURN> to continue, <m> to mail, <D> to download:
