ARTIE
by Anonymous


     My brother and I had always been close since our parents
divorce. We had moved to an apartment with our Mom and were forced
to share a bedroom. Even brothers as close as we were sometimes
found this difficult at times. There were times you just needed
your privacy.

     I knew that Art was sexually mature and in fact I kept running
across evidence of his solo pleasure hidden away in our room. Cum
stiffened clumps of tissues and pieces of clothing occasionally
turned up and the nightime creaking of both our beds in telltale
rhythms didn't leave much to the imagination.

     The fear and embarassment disappeared forever on the afternoon
that I walked in on Art right in the middle of one of his jerk off
sessions.

     I had gotten home early and could hear a radio playing in our
room. Without any hesitation I entered the room, pushing open the
partially closed door. Art was sprawled in the chair by his desk.
His legs pushed out and his head thrown back. His jeans were down
at his ankles. His briefs had been pushed down below his knees and
seemed to tie his tanned legs together. His right hand was moving
up and down his hardened cock that stood at attention in his lap.
His balls moved behind a faint cover of teenage pubic hair, rising
and falling with each stroke.

     He had pushed his t-shirt up and his left hand played with an
erect nipple. The fingers pinching it and teasing it.

     "Ahm." I cleared my throat in an embarassed warning.

     Art's eyes popped open and his body started moving in six
different directions.

     He scrambled to dress. His attempts at stuffing an eight inch
hard-on into his jockey shorts stretched the cotton into a tent
with a darkening spot where pre cum juices seeped into the cloth.
The waistband caught on one cheek of his buns as he sat down and
tried to pull up his pants. His t-shirt fell part way down coming
to a stop on his stomach.

     "Oh!...Ahhh!...I was just...Oh don't tell Mom."

     Art had crossed his arms in his lap in a continued attempt to
hide his excitement.

     I looked past Art. A teen magazine lay open to a picture of
Rob Lowe and a supply of tissues lay ready to catch Art's cum.

     "How about that." I kidded. "My little brother likes Rob Lowe
I guess."

     "It's not...Oh please don't tell Mom. I'll do anything."

     "Don't worry Art. I won't tell anyone. Besides you're so upset
you're making promises you'll never be able to keep."

     A red flush had crept up Art's neck and had filled his face.

     "Relax, " I continued, "Everybody jerks off. You know that and
so do I."

     "I know. But not everyone gets caught."

     I moved closer and reached past him, closing the magazine. "If
it makes you feel any better, I'll let you catch me the next time.
In fact...."

     I reached down toward Art's lap and lifted his arm away.
"seeing as you promised that you'd do anything, I think I'll do
something that I've wanted to do for a while."

     I let my hand come to rest on the bulge in Art's shorts. The
once rigid cock now rested off to one side, still warm with
excitement. I could feel its fullness in my hand. I looked at Art
who was now sitting there with his eyes moving rapidly back and
forth between his crotch and my eyes. A giant question formed on
his face.

     "Don't get upset Art. You sit there jerking off with Rob Lowe
and offer to do anything must mean you understand. Besides that,
you're better looking then he is."
 I began pressing harder. The
tube of Art's cock came alive under its cotton cover as I gripped
it between my thumb and fingers. "What do you say Artie, can I
finish the job you started?"

     My brother's eyes were now closed but his head nodded with
permission. His chest slowly filled with a deep breath. His hips
lifted, pressing his young cock firmly into my hand. I paused long
enough to reach for the waistband of his underwear briefs. I pulled
downward, turning them inside out as I peeled them towards his
knees.

     Art's cock moved up as it twitched back to its full hardness.
My hands again felt his shaft and balls. Gently but firmly I
stroked his cock. My hand moved to cup his balls. Art's legs spread
wider in invitation. I knew it would only take a few well times
strokes to make him shoot his load. I let my hand slip beyond his
balls to press the hardness of his cock as it buried itself deeply
into his own body near his ass hole.

     A low groan moved up the scale to a squeek of pleasure as
Artie came. The first creamy wad spurt from the tip of his dick and
landed on his chest. A second load arced higher, hitting his collar
bone and neck. A third flowed out and warmed his stomach as it
filled his navel. Each shudder of pleasure made the muscles in his
body tense. A fourth and fifth wad flowed from his cock. They
bubbled out and ran back down his shaft, running over my fingers.

     I stopped pumping my brother's meat and watched each splash of
cum move down his tense body leaving a shiny trail. Art's cock
began to soften. His body relaxed back into his desk chair. I let
him slip from my hand and rest on his belly. Standing I moved away,
backing out of the room.

     I turned on the TV in the living room and hoped the noise and
moving images would help settle my mixed feelings. I could hear Art
moving about. He had gone into the bathroom. The shower ran for
about 10 minutes. Just as Art finished up, our Mom came home. Her
arrival delayed the inevitable talk that Art and I needed.

     Supper was quiet and as bedtime grew closer, Art and I became
more wary. I looked up several times to find my brother watching
me. He would turn away quickly. At eleven, Art went to our room. I
stayed up to see the news. When I did get to the room, Art was in
bed. His shape outlined by the covers of his bed. I started to
undress as I assumed that Art was asleep. As I was slipping my
pants off, I heard a gentle sobbing coming from Art's bed.

     "What's wrong, Artie?", I said.

     "I feel bad about what we did today, it was wrong.", sobbed
Artie.

     "Let's talk it over.", I said.

     With that, I slipped into Artie's bed and got under the covers
with him, wearing only my Jockey shorts. Artie explained that he
felt guilty about what we did and felt it was wrong. I told him
that I had wanted to make love with him for years and couldn't
resist myself. After talking to him for a while he seemed to relax
and feel better about what had happened. He seemed tired and I
thought perhaps a back rub would help him to relax and get to
sleep.

     Slowly, I began to rub his muscular back. I started with his
shoulders and worked my way down to the small of his back. My face
was near to the back of Artie's neck and I gently kissed Artie's
neck, then the side of his face, and finally, I kissed his ear. He
moaned as I let my toungue probe into his ear. I rubbed Artie's ass
and let my hands explore his naked body. I reached around to find
his cock quite hard with a wet drop of cum at the tip. Again, I
began to stroke his penis back and forth. The sounds Artie was
making told me that he was not feeling guilty now.

     I moved away the covers and turned Artie on to his back and
rubbed his chest. Slowly, I inched down his body until my mouth
came within inches of his cock and balls. All at once, I let his
meat enter my mouth. The taste and 
smell of the boy made me harder
than I had ever been before. I wasn't sure if this was Artie's
first blow-job or not, but I could tell by his breathing that it
wouldn't take long for him to cum.

     I licked one of my fingers and slid it up Artie's asshole as
I continued to suck on his meat. Artie began to move in convulsive
moves and squired cum deep into my throat. I swallowed all I could
and the rest dribbled down the side of my mouth and onto Artie's
scrotum.

     Artie calmed and told me that next time he wanted me to lie
back and for him to give me all the pleasure that I had given him.
We kissed gently for what seemed like hours and drifted off to
sleep arm in arm. Almost every night from then on, only one of the
two beds was ever used.
