Archive-name: 3plus/artclass.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Art Class


    Working as a male go-go dancer from Key West to 
Providencetown, I learned firsthand that often women can 
become pretty daring.  While dancing, rotating my buns as 
I thread my way between the tables, I've had even the most 
prim-looking gray-haired ladies grope my crotch and go as 
far as to slip their nimble fingers between the elastic of 
my briefs.
    Recently, I was enjoying some well-earned time off 
when a friend asked if I'd be interested in earning some 
easy money posing for a women's art club.  Sure, I said, 
expecting anything but what happened.
    Most of the women were older, mid-thirties and up, a 
lot of divorcees and several widows.  Everything went fine 
until I disrobed and took my position on the small 
elevated platform wearing only a skimpy bikini.  One of 
the students, a svelte woman around forty, with firm, 
pointed tits and short-cropped, salt and pepper hair 
recognized me as a dancer from one of the local clubs.  
She got the other women revved up, and soon art went down 
the tubes as the class clustered around me pleading for a 
demonstration of my act.  They'd make it well worthwhile, 
they promised, with much more than I'd earn posing.  I 
couldn't resist.
    A few minutes into my bump-and-grind, thrusting my 
hips and cock at those horny, sex-starved art lovers, a 
tall striking blonde with soft melon boobs, leaped on 
stage and whisked off her wraparound skirt.  She began to 
match my gyrations.  Suddenly her blouse was sailing 
through the air and she unsnapped her bra, releasing her 
Dolly Parton-size jugs, jiggling them at me as she thrust 
her full round hips at my cock.  By now my crotch was 
beginning to bulge.  She spotted the outline of my growing 
erection and smiled, lips parted and tongue sticking out.
    "I will if you will," she dared, sticking her thumbs 
beneath the elastic of her sheer pink bikini panties.  A 
chorus of "Take it off!" filled the room.  Money floated 
on stage at our feet.  "Fuck it," I said.  "Why not?"
    I eased my briefs down over my hips and as my stiff 
dick sprung into view the whole group cheered.  I was 
turned on by all of the adulation and my cock was 
rock-hard.  I have this little trick where, by flexing my 
sphincter muscle, I'm able to make my dick jump up and 
down.  I did it several times, waving at them, and the 
blonde ripped off her panties, dropped to her knees and 
lunged at my dick with her open mouth.  She swallowed my 
entire nine-incher with one gasping gulp.  Her warm mouth 
was drooling like crazy and after a few wet mouth-pumps, I 
was coated with her saliva. 
    She took my cock out of her mouth and knelt up 
straight, then stuck my dripping dong between those melon 
mammaries, molding the soft flesh around it, and began 
massaging me as I began to pump my hips, tit-fucking her.
    The salt-and-pepper-haired broad climbed on stage and 
began licking the head of my cock as it slid between the 
blonde's quivering tits.
    A torrent of women's clothes flew overhead;jerseys, 
bras, panties, pantyhose, all sizes and colors.  After 
than everything happened so fast I couldn't keep track of 
the sexual free-for-all.  
    Cushions suddenly appeared on stage and I was being 
pushed down on them.  A thin woman with a firm athletic  
body and clean-shaven cunt was impaling herself on my cock 
as an auburn-haired amazon lowered her flaming-red 
creaming pussy down on my mouth.  I felt tongues flicking 
me all over, in my armpits, over my nipples, working over 
my toes, and burrowing into my belly button, the delicious 
slurping and sucking sounds blending with soft moans and 
excited cries. 
    My cock seemed to be everywhere at once--in mouths, 
between tits, large and soft, small and firm, in cunts, 
warm moist palms, some with long slender fingers, others 
short and pudgy.
    I don't remember how many times I came that night, but 
I know was sore in the morning and couldn't get a hard-on 
for three days!

--
