

My childhood was not your normal, typical childhood.  As most kids were
chumming around with others, I ended up spending most of my time at
home, or with my dad or uncles.  Interestingly enough, I went a number
of times with my dad to his favorite hang-out; a friend of his operated
a gas station that was frequented by truckers.  So, by the age of 13, I
had been exposed to every known word in the book, along with stealing
some glances at the magazines that they had there.  Seemed like some of
them used used "F*ck" for every other word coming out of their mouths.
Needless to say, this left me with an idle curiousity of women as a
whole.

As I grew older, my dad started taking me on jobs with him; he ran an
air conditioning business on the side.  One of his clients was the
apartment complex next to the high school I was going to.  I'd go with
him on these jobs, helping him out with the ladders, installing Freon,
swapping out compressors, etc.  Occasionally, we'd have to go into the
apartments to make sure that the air conditioner would kick on and cool
down the apartments.

Well, one day there was a problem with the air conditioner in apartment
#2301.  Needless to say, since it was a saturday, I went with dad to
help him.  We'd went to the apartment manager's office to get the work
order, and then proceeded to the apartment.  When we got there, we found
that there was a leak on the roof, and that it would require only a
small sodering job, along with filling up the unit with more Freon.
After doing this, we went down to the apartment itself, and knocked on
the door.  A woman, I'd say in her late twenties, answered the door.  We
told her that we had worked on the air conditioner, and wanted to check
to make sure that it was cooling her apartment.  She invited us in, and
let us go to the thermostat.  My dad started to play with the controls,
as I just scanned my eyes around the room.  She seemed to be into
computers, and music (which was my pasttime; I was programming in three
different languages, and enjoyed computer music/synthesizers).  We
started to get into a conversation, and then wouldn't you know -- dad
said all looked okay and that we should go.  As we were leaving,  the
girl gave me a slip of paper.  Not thinking anything about it, I  put
it into my pocket.

Later on that day, when I was at home and in my room, I started to empty
out my pockets.  I came accross that piece of paper--it said that she
wanted me to call her and gave her phone number.  Not knowing any
better, I went to the phone and dialed the number.  After a few rings,
the phone was answered--it was that woman.  "Yes, who is it?" she
asked--not thinking anything was wrong, I said it was the kid she gave
the note to earlier today; from the air conditioning job.  All of a
sudden, her voice changed-- she sounded mysterious.  "I wanted to talk
more to you about things, but you had to go.  Could you come over some
time so we could talk more?"   I guess that I might have found a new
friend, so I said that I could ride my bike over.  I told my parents
that I was going over to a friend's house, and would be back later that
night.

When I got to the apartment complex, I found a place to store my bike
and lock it up.  I went to the apartment, and knocked on the door.
"Who is it?," I heard her call out.  "It's me, the kid you asked to come
over."  I heard her say "Come on in, and close the door.  I'll be out in
a second."  So, I entered the apartment and closed the door.  She had on
some rather soft music and one of the lava lights going in the
background.  I sat down on the couch and waited for her.

After a few minutes, she walked into the room.  I was completely
shocked; I looked at her and saw a completely naked woman coming towards
me.  I started to back away from her, on the couch.  She looked at me,
and started to chuckle;"Well, what do you know -- a virgin!".  I
cringed, not knowing what to do.  "Please, lady -- what do you want?"
My body was trembling at this point; it would be obvious to anyone.
"Relax, and calm down.  I just wanted to show you how much I appreciated
our chat earlier today, and that I want to share myself with you..."

"But, I've never ...," the words comming out with a nervousness that I'd
never had before.

"Look, let me show you that it's ok."  She took my hand and kissed the
fingers slowly, then guided it to her body.  "This is a breast, and see
my erect nipples?  Feel how soft and hard they are."  My hand was guided
around the mounds that i'd only seen in pictures.  It felt so different,
so..so...well, I just couldn't describe the difference in touch.  She
moved my fingers onto her nipple, and started to lightly touch them with
my hand.  "See what you do to me?," she said in a low voice.  " I want
you to come here and kiss my breasts."  I was pulled towards her, my
head drawn to those lucious mounds.  I started to kiss each one; in
doing so, i could hear her make different noises.  "Suck on my nipples!"
she commanded, pressing my mouth onto one of the erect brown beauties.
I started to suck on it, ever so lightly.    I wasn't sure, but i
thought that i could taste something liquidy in my mouth that I was
unfamiliar with. I'm not sure why, but i started to slowly and gently
nibble on them also, as she held me close to her.

While I was doing this, I opened my eyes and found that i was looking
right into her "private" area.  I'd never seen anything like it; she had
her pubic hair trimmed, exposing herself to my glances.  I guess that
after a while, she knew that i was transfixed on something else.  She
started to open her legs, to reveal her "womanhood" to me.  Nothing in
the pictures that I'd seen earlier had a woman with her legs spread...I
was completely unprepared for this...

"Wait, now, I want to  let you look at me...", she motioned me away, as
she re-adjusted herself on the couch...

"This is my clitoris," she pointed to me with her long fingers.  "It's
commonly referred to as a 'clit', and what is right below it is the
entrance to my vagina...also referred to as a 'cunt'.  I want you to
look at my clit now, and see what you have done to me."  She motioned me
towards her again, wanting my face to be in the area of her clit.  "I
want you to kiss it, just as you did my nipples," she said in a rather
low voice.  I bent forward and kissed her clit, and the surrounding
areas.."Lick it!", she ordered, as i was kissing her inner thighs.

My toungue started to move around, in circular motions, on her clit.  It
tasted different, like nothing i'd had tasted before.  While doing this,
i could hear her moan softly, but it increased in sound as i touched
various parts of her with my toungue.  She pulled my head towards her,
demanding that I place my toungue in her cunt.  I was in a fantasy
world, there was nothing else to do but comply.  I could taste and feel
a whole different world, with my toungue probing around inside of her
cunt.  Her moans became louder, and i could feel her body start to
tremble...All of a sudden, fluids started coming out of her cunt--i
jerked back not knowing what had happened...I could see her body
trembling, as she held herself and the fluids dripping from her body.

After a few moments, the trembling stopped, and I could see that she had
a smile on her face.  I asked what had happened.  She looked at me and
grinned; "You made me orgasm, or "cum".  It's a very pleasurable state
to be in.  I'll show you what I mean, and then we can both "cum"
together."  She reached over to me and pulled the t-shirt over my head,
exposing my upper torso.  "See, your's gets hard too, and responds just
like mine", as she bent over and started to lick and suck on my nipples.
A strange feeling was starting to come over me.  I didn't know what was
exactly happening to me.  I could feel that my 'thing' was changing; it
was getting hard.

She noticed this, and made a comment of now taking off the rest of my
clothes.  I wasn't sure what to do, but after all-she did let me see
her body.  So, I let her unzip my jeans, and pull them down.  My 'thing'
was starting to bounce a little, and i noticed a little wet spot on the
underware.  She got on her knees and pulled down my underware, exposing
my 'thing' to the open air.  "My, what a beautiful, large penis you
have.  This is also called many things, but the most common are 'rod'
and 'dick'.  I want to kiss it now."  She moved towards me, kissing my
throbbing 'thing', ahh rod, with her ruby lips.  The next thing I knew,
she had placed most of my rod within her mouth, and started to suck on
it.  I could feel her toungue circuling around the shaft, and tracing
itself up and down. My body started to shake; I found myself duplicating
her "moans" and didn't know exactly why.  She also started to fondle the
two mounds underneath my rod, touching them gently with her fingers.
I found that something was building up inside of me, and before I knew
it--I felt something coming out of my rod.  I could hear her swallow
whatever it was; I never had this happen before to me.

After a few moments, the feeling subsided--no more gushing from my rod.
I looked down to her, and saw that she was smiling; something white was
dribbling from her mouth.  "What happened?", I wanted to know what just
occurred to me.  She looked at me and said that I had climaxed/"cum",
just like her.  She also said that this was a first for her; not ever
having tasted a man's semen (later to find out this was called other
things too...).

She noticed that I was still rigid.  Looking at me, she asked if I'd
like to now find out what it was like to "cum" together.  After all that
had happened so far, I figured what the heck -- "Sure".

She got up, and pulled me with her into her bedroom.  She laid back on
the bed, and asked me to slowly lay on top of her.  As I was doing this,
she grabbed my dick and placed it between the lips of her cunt.  "Now,
push slowly, and come to me", she asked.  It felt as if I were entering
another world, with my rod slowly entering her moist, wet cunt.  As I
was close to being all the way in, she wrapped her legs around my body
and pulled me in all the way.  "God, you feel good!", she cried out, as
I felt the tip of my rod hitting something inside of her.  "Let's get
used to each other for a while", she moaned in a low voice.  "Kiss me,
she asked".  So, as I started to kiss her cheek, she turned her head and
we kissed on the lips.  After a few minutes, something strange was
happening; she started to enter and explore my mouth with her toungue.
It seemed pleasurable, so I started to respond likewise.  Her legs
started to move, something on building up a rhythm method.  I started to
match her movements, with that of my own.  I could feel different things
happening to both her and myself--her body started to tremble as I was
feeling different things contracting around my dick.

After a few minutes, I found that we were both getting short of breath
and moaining...we were both reaching that climax stage.  I began to emit
the jets of my 'cum' again; I guess this triggered something in her,
since she cried out "My GOD I'M CUMMING!!!". Both of our bodies became
locked--fluids were flowing from the two of us and intermingling.
We were locked together for what seemed an eternity; finally, the
throbbing went away, and we both collapsed on the bed.

I opened my eyes after a few minutes, to look at this beautiful woman
who had introduced me to the knowledge of sexual pleasure.  Her body was
magnificent, and I could only think of reaching over and kissing her
again, and fondling her breasts.  I guess that the moment had broken by
the alarm clock that went off;  I found that I was in my bed-- it was
6:30 am and that I had to get ready for school...Oh well, another day
of the old grind, I guess.  Maybe tonight I could dream about the girl's
gym teacher???
 
