
                 MMMM/F, SLUT WIFE, WEDDING DAY, SLOPPY SECONDS

                                   AROSE1.TXT

                     ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                     º    THE WEDDING:                   º²
                     º    A randy bride enjoys wild oats º²
                     º                          Jones    º²
                     ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼²
                     ²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²²


     Rose was excited: the big day had arrived. Her dress was beautiful and the
wedding plans the best. Her dad had spared no expense to provide San Diego's
Wedding Of The Century.

     Ed was her main man and she loved him a lot. She smiled as she recalled
his desire to see her fucked by other men; she liked that. Though she often
acted like she didn't care for it, she loved it.

     Entering city hall she came face to face with the mayor or ex-mayor,
Larry, a man she'd had an affair with when she was 18 and he was 37. Rose
admired Larry for his position in the commu- nity. As they talked, she
remembered his stocky cock, so thick she had trouble sucking him their first
time together.

     Larry pressed Rose for a drink at a nearby tavern and she agreed. More
mature now, she knew she looked good in her atypical outfit, short dress,
heels, and hair done nicely. She wondered if Larry still had the hots for her
and remembered their sexual times past.

     In a booth in McKay's bar she had no need to wonder. He kissed her
promptly and rested a hand on her thigh. They talked of old times, their
meetings so his wife would not catch them, sneaking around and once even in the
mayor's office. Sitting at his desk he had called her around the desk and had
her kneel and suck his cock right there. Rose was a better cocksucker now and
gave great hand jobs, Ed said. She smiled. Perhaps Larry would like to sample a
mature Rose.

     Suddenly she knew. Caught up in her thoughts, Larry had run his hand up
her thigh to cup her pussy. The panties offered little protection. "Oh!" she
exclaimed.

     "Oh?" Larry repeated. "You haven't changed a bit."

     Rose smiled again. "Oh yes I have. I'm better than I was." Rose slide a
hand into Larry's lap and rubbed it across his cock. Palm down, she gripped him
and squeezed.

     Larry suggested they go to his car just down the street. She agreed and
they left the bar. Larry drove down the coast a ways and stopped at a look-out
point. He pulled her to him and kissed her hotly. Rose responded as Ed liked
her to, with open mouth and welcoming tongue. Her hands went straight to his
crotch and his cock. While Larry was wrestling with her dress top, she took his
cock out and was jacking him off with firm but steady strokes.

     Rose smiled to herself as Larry lost control and pushed her head into his
lap. She needed no coaxing. Her hot, wet mouth engulfed his cock head. Long
tapered nails raked over his shaft as her head bobbed. Deeper and deeper she
took him and let her heat sink into his turgid member. Larry was not used to
this: he quickly bucked his hips and fired a hot salvo into Rose' mouth.

     At home her aunt and uncle met her as she arrived. Aunt Mary had
introduced Rose to sexuality by giving her a copy of _The Sensual Woman_ when
she was just 12 years old. Uncle Jay had introduced her to serious sex when she
was 13. Now Rose is 33 and her Uncle is 45. Rose still enjoys the memories of
those learning experiences.

     "Gonna save this for just one man now? What a shame." Rose's uncle ran a
hand over her firm ass.

     Jay turned Rose toward him and planted a hot kiss on her mouth. Jay felt
her tongue sneaking inside his mouth. `Never got enough,' he thought, `always
the hot cunt.' He had taught her well. Mary's book had done the trick. He
remembered how easily she had played with his cock and how easy she was to get
to suck it. That first two weeks he had fucked Rose many times. A willing
learner, she became a sexual slave quickly.

     Rose saw Mary leave the room as Jay's hands begin to run over her breast.
She knew that Mary knew that Uncle Jay had fucked her, and was at ease with her
being there. Rose just didn't know where this was going as Jay continued his
assault on her body.

     He pushed her to the couch and opened his zipper. "One more time baby," he
said as he pushed his hard cock toward her face.

     Rose liked Jay's assertiveness and his thick 7-incher, her first cock. She
opened her red lips automatically as he pressed forward. She remembered her
struggles when she first learned to suck cock. Rose had a wedding to get ready
for; she determined to get Jay off quickly, and get on with her day.

     Jay held the brunette's head and pushed it full of cock. He wanted off and
the feel of her tight throat was doing the trick. Balls tightening, Jay rammed
his cock in and held Rose close while he released his cum. `Good! Damn good!'
he thought. `That lucky son of a bitch is going to get this hot cunt every
night.'

     As if nothing had happened, Rose got up and went to the bedroom to get
ready for the wedding.

     The dress was beautiful, fully laced and the train was long and elegant.
Rose held the panties and wondered if she should even wear them. She knew Ed
didn't like her in panties. She threw them aside. Next a garter borrowed from
Aunt Mary.

     "Very nice," Aunt Mary said as she entered the room. "You're my best
student and Ed is one lucky man." Mary refereed to Rose's having learned sex
from her. The book _The Sensual Woman_ was a real turn on. It certainly taught
Rose how to please a man. Erogenous zones, hand jobs, blow jobs, massages,
relaxation for the male, public flirting and how to get a man off without even
touching him.

     "He's wonderful," Rose said. "He loves me the way I am and helps me be
even better as a woman. I love being a woman." Rose was pleased with her choice
of a husband.

     "Well, we have to leave to get to the boat for the wedding." They were to
be married on a boat, a dry-docked merchant ship of the 1800's. Mary led the
way. Ed was already there, waiting for the bride-to-be. Rose' mother was also
there, tending to last minute things.

     The wedding went well, no hitches. It was as unusual and pretty as the day
was gorgeous. Ed and Rose departed in a speed boat, enroute to the Reception.
There were several people in attendance as they raced toward waterfront
restaurant.

     At the dock a man greeted Rose with a passionate kiss as they stepped on
the pier. Ed, never a jealous person, viewed this with some interest. "Who was
that?" he asked as they went inside.

     Rose smiled. She remembered her other kisses from Jeff, one of her many
lovers before Ed. "Oh, an old flame," Rose said. "Jealous?" Rose asked,
pinching Ed's ribs.

     "No. Just curious. A hot flame?"

     "The hottest dear, but long, long ago." Rose liked her memories and Jeff
was definitely one of them.

     "Must still get your juices flowing," Ed said.

     "Why Eddie! Are you jealous?" Rose kidded. "And yes he does get the juices
flowing."

     The Reception rocked along. Everyone had a great time. Ed saw Rose from
time to time with Jeff, and wondered about that `juice' thing. Late in the
evening Rose took Ed outside. She was radiant as she led him to the car. She
got in the back seat and pulled her skirt up, baring her legs above the thighs.

     "Give me your hand," she ordered, and placed it between her legs. "Feel
that?" she said, holding it against her pussy. "Wet! See? I said he got me
wet."

     Ed was shocked to feel Rose's flowing juices. He didn't understand her
babbling on about Jeff getting her wet.

     "Eat me baby," Rose said as she pulled Ed into the car. "Eat my pussy,
baby."

     Ed loved eating Rose' pussy and he dove right in. His mouth covered her
pussy and he realized that she was not merely wet, but full of cum. Looking up
from between her long shapely legs, Ed asked, "You've been fucked?"

     "Yes! I did it. I got fucked. Jeff fucked me." Rose babbled on excitedly.
Seeing Ed return to her flooded pussy, she pulled his head harder against her.
"Oh baby, it was so wonderful. Right here, on this seat he fucked me. Am I full
baby? Do you like my pussy full of cum?"

     Ed was getting a huge hard on as Rose talked. His very new wife had let
another man fuck her at their wedding reception. `What a way to start a
marriage!' he thought. Rose was proving to be one hot lady. Cum oozed out of
her pussy in great gobs.

     "How did you do it?"

     "Well," Rose began, "we danced and he got turned on and pulled me outside.
He tried to undress me near the building, over there, but I suggested the car."
Rose thought a second. "Boy was he turned on. Never saw him so big."

     Ed was turned on, too. He pulled himself up and drove his cock into Rose's
pussy. Rose grunted at the furious plunge. She was so full of cum that her
pussy sloshed as Ed fucked her. Or was she so stretched that she sloshed?

     "Like his big cock baby?" Ed said through straining lips. "Did he fuck you
hard, like this?

     "Oh yes," Rose moaned, "he did me hard. Is this what you always wanted? A
sluttish wife?"

     "Yes," Ed said,  hips rising and falling. His balls were tight and his
cock rock hard.

     "Well, baby, I plan to be just what you want. In every way. Does it bother
you that another man fucked me first after we were married?" Rose was
concerned. She had not considered that until Jeff was fucking her and it was
too late.

     "You're my fourth today. I had two other men earlier: the mayor and my
uncle. I sucked Jay off at home before we left. He wanted one more time with
me." Rose loved the rocking motion of Ed's cock plunging inside her wet pussy.

     "Honey, I love it," Ed said as he strained to hold back a raging orgasmic
instinct. Ed did want a slutty wife, and from the first night he knew she was
more than any one man could handle.

     Ed ravaged his new wife's pussy as he listened to her tale of infidelity.
His cock rock hard. So much more to enjoy and a whole world of pleasures.

     Rose's tits swayed as Ed fucked her. Her 33 year old body, so supple and
firm, buffeted by Ed's charging cock. The pleasure this young lady would bring
him was with out measure but he knew his 48-year old cock was in for many
treats.

A true story of a marriage doomed by lust and love. A woman torn by her urges
and her love for her man. Future chapters will tell of passions and loves....
Not for everyone!

