Archive-name: Bondage/bathtub.txt
Archive-author: Stewart Millhouse
Archive-title: Bathtub Bondage


    When people conjure up images of bound women, they usually envision damsels
in distress, securely bound on beds, chairs, or other bondage locations. Not
too many people would consider bathtub bondage, but hopefully by the end of my
story, there will be a few converts to the cause.
   Why bondage in water? Some of you are likely pondering this question. 
Actually my wife and bondage partner, Francine, and I never were bondage 
enthusiasts. We tried bondage once in our brass bed, finding it lacked erotic 
appeal for us both.
   Our water-filled bondage fantasies began quite innocently. One day, Francine 
was in the shower, washing her soft curvaceous body. I stood at the sink, 
naked, as I finished shaving.
   "Honey would you mind sponging off my back?" Francine asked. "I can't quite 
reach the middle."
   "Sure," I answered, climbing in behind her. I sponged her back and then as 
I prepared to leave the tub, I stepped right into a pair of her silky black
panty hose, hanging down from the shower curtain. I'm always complaining to her
about how they make me feel like I'm walking into a spider's webb.
   We're always playing childish pranks on one another, so I decided to do 
something to make her livid with anger. I would tie her hands with the panty 
hose, connect the panty hose to the shower rod and leave her stranded in the 
tub for a few minutes while I walked out of the room.
   "Francie, will you but your hands behind your back for a second?" I asked 
her. I want to wash you some more." She placed her hands behind her back, 
oblivious to my intentions. With deft speed, I wrapped the one leg of the 
hosiery around her wrists, knotting it securley. Then I drew the other leg
over the curtain. She was immobile for the moment.
   "Hey, what do you think you're doing?" she snapped. Of all the stupid 
pranks. Only you would do something as juvenile as this. Untie me right now!"
   "When I'm good and ready," I replied. "I think I'll go read the paper for 
a few minutes."
   Francie was perturbed to put it mildly. the veins stood out in her neck,
while the misty water sprayed her. I left the room and returned a mere five 
minutes later, since my mischievious games are generally short lived. When I
went to untie her, she was the one who shocked me by saying, "Don't untie me,
just Fuck me." And she bent over as far as possible, leaving her perfect butt
cheeks sticking up in the air.
   My cock was rock hard. I didn't need any lubricant since my shaft was 
already wet from the water. I parted her butt cheeks, easing my throbbing 
prick up her tight chute. A soft, "ahh," escaped from between her lips.
   It was intresting how she no longer protested about what I had done to her.
Her anger had turned to pleasure.
   Anal sex is a favorite activity of ours, but here in the tub with my wife's 
hands tied together, it took on a new meaning. Francine was really starting to 
get into this bathtub bondage scenario. She undulated her hips wildly as her 
anal muscles tugged frantically at my shaft. I slid rythmically in her asshole,
as I grabbed her pendulous breasts, fondling them gently.
   "Yes!" she gasped breathlessly. "Come up my ass." Then a half minute later
she cried out, "HARDER, FUCK ME HARDER!"
   Her pelvic movements had intensified, fanny shaking like a bowl of jello
while my pounding pistol kept driving in and out of her dark hole. After 
another thirty seconds, I had passed the point of no return. I came with a 
violent ejaculation, spraying a volly of sizzling semen deep toward her bowels.
      That triggered another blast and in rapid succession I shot four waves of 
semen into her backside. My cock ached from the intensity of my orgasm. I'd
never felt so satisfied sexually sexually before. Francine seemed to go insane
with the ecstasy, in the throes of a terrific orgasm even though she wasn't 
able to touch her pussy. Her burning cunt sent a stream of pussy cream down
the insides of her legs, while the last of my come flooded her backside.
   When I widthdrew my rod from her anus, she was breathing heavy. It took 
awhile to recover. "I don't know what possessed you to tie me up like that," 
she noted, "but thank goodness you did. After the pantyhose had been around my
wrist a while, I got so increadibly horny I couldn't believe it.
   I untied her and helped her off. When we went into the bedroom the bondage 
was all we could talk about. We were so enthusiastic, like teens discussing sex
for the first time. The potential of bathtub bondage intregued us.
   The following evening we decided to try it again. It wouldn't be so 
spontaneous now that we could plan things out. I began filling up the tub with
water while Francie went into the bedroom. She emerged a few minutes later 
wearing very sexy lingerie, hardly the type of apparel for bathing.
   She was dressed in a lace bra, the wispy material so transparent, I thought
her massive breasts would poke through the front and around the waist was a 
lace garter belt with thigh high nylons reaching up to grip the garter snaps.
On her feet were black leather pumps.
   "You were planning on bathing?" I asked her, feeling so aroused that I 
wondered why we just didn't fuck in the middle of the hall.
   "It's just a little something I threw together," she grinned. "Actually, 
I've always had a fantasy of just getting in the tub in my lingerie. I guess
this is the ideal opportunity to try it out."
   Who was I to argue with her? Francine had several implements of bondage
already in the bathroom, consisting of nylons and pantyhose and her body was 
trembling, as if she was standing on a rumbling volcano. Her face was flushed
almost as red as the stockings she was wearing. When the tub was half-full, she
climbed in, laying on her back. The water quickly covered every inch of her 
body, sexy lingerie plastered to her skin.
   I undressed quickly, exposing my massive cock. Francine's deep blue eyes 
widened when she saw it. Veins stuck out majestically. I began by taking a pair
of pantyhose, binding my wife's wrists above her head, tying the hosiery to the
towel holder above her. I raised her lithe legs from the water, tying a couple 
of nylons around her ankles. Now she was totally helpless, a bathtub prisoner.
Her pussy was half submerged, vaginal lips exposed, lukewarm water splashing 
around her pink protrusion.
   As I figured ways of going down on her, I spied our shower massager. A 
decidedly kinky notion crossed my mind, which would be a surprise for my wife.
I tied a pair of black nylons around her eyes. "Hey, what are you doing?" she
protested. "This isn't a part of bondage."
   Don't worry," I told her. "Just relax." She wouldn't relax. Instead she
constantly argued about having her vision impared. So to stifle her gasps, I
stuffed a pair of panty hose past her luscious lips. I know it wasn't fair to 
spring a blindfold, then a gag on her, but once she calmed down I knew she 
would experience pleasure beyond her wildest dreams.
   "You'er going to thank me for this very soon," I explained, even though she
was cursing me through the gag. I hooked up the shower massager to the taps.
Turning it on, a misty jet of water shot from the hose. I lowered it toward her
boiling box, pressing the nozzle against her pussy! Talk about wild reactions. 
It was as if I had pressed a 10,000 volt wire into her crotch. Her body went 
stiff as starch.
   The pulsating stream of water spewed inside her, splashing against her 
cervix, clitorus, and vagina walls. It felt like millions of tiny fingers were
fondling Francine's snatch. Francine was moaning with passion! I rotated the 
massager in circles, intensifying her pleasure. Her body was one massive
convulsion. In her frenzied movements she kicked off her high heels. It 
floated, spike up in the water. I sensed my wife getting closer to her release. I kept the nozzle firmly
against her cunt lips, giving her a final few tormenting blasts of water, 
before all hell broke loose. "Mmmmm, mmmmm," she muttered through the gossamer
gag as she was caught in the turbulent throes of a sense shattering orgasm,
which encompassed her body like a blanket.
  She'd never come so violently before. Bead-like drops of her secretions were
spilling into the water as her orgasm ran its course. I wish I had been fast 
enough to capture her creamy goo before it hit the water. I switched off the 
massager after I was sure her orgasm had ended. I removed the blindfold from 
her eyes, and the gag from her mouth.
   "That was damn sneaky," she repremanded me in a good natured manner. "And I
loved it!"
   "I couldn't resist that surprise," I told her.
   "Well give me another. Something wet. Not water. And I want it down my 
throat."
   I winked at my wife as I moved higher in the tub. I straddled her head with
my legs, raising the back of her head out of the water. Since my had her sexual
release, I needed mine desperately.
   I guided my shaft past her anxious lips, as she engulfed me with her mouth.
It was like a prison door snapping shut around me. Her tongue darted all over
my prick, like a competitive athlete, trying to beat an existing record.
  She bathed my prick with her talented tongue, licking more enthusiastically
than ever before. This act of bathtub bondage had transformed her from a 
passive cocksucker to one who puts a great deal of energy into her work. As 
sensational pulsations sped through my pole, I felt lightheaded for an instant,
mind swirling as if caught in a whirlpool. My cock had braved her suck crazed
mouth and was getting closer to exploding.
   I tried to resist orgasm, wanting to draw this one out to its fullest term.
But when her tongue took one more journey up my shaft, I couldn't hold back 
another second. I ejaculated; my love cream exiting my slit in an erratic
manner.
   Francie's tongue didn't let up its assault. It was persistent, wanting to 
draw out every drop from my prick. She eagerly accepted the last of my cream.
My pistol empty, I moved off her shoulders, letting her lick down the last of
my come in peace.
   After she finished savoring my frothy delight, I asked her if she was still
comfortable or whether she wanted me to untie her. "Don't think unpure 
thoughts," she quipped. "I could stay like this the rest of the week. Now there
is a certain part of my anatomy that needs a bit more attention. The shower 
sprayer was fine but I can think of something long and hard that will do the 
job quite nicely."
   I may have come once that evening but there was more juice left in my pole.
I floated between her thighs, like a submarine tunneling through water, heading
for that special target. I eased my shaft past swollen pink lips, scoring a 
direct hit in her love tunnel. What a unique feeling it is, fucking while your 
shaft is submerged in water and in a pussy simultaneously.
   The water beat against my scrotal sac like waves as I thrust back and forth
in her vagina. Francine gyrated in a sultry bump and grind routine, the water
slapping around us. The entire room smelled of our arousal, the scent as pungent
as perfume.
   Francine moved her head from side to side, gasps and shrieks constantly
coming from between her lips. As my cock floated in it's watery coccoon, the 
pressure in my dick was increasing. There was no need to fight the feeling any 
longer. Nature had taken her course.
   Thick wads of semen started their ascent up my pole. Upon contact with her 
cunt, my come burned like fire. She let out a wild gasp as her eyes went 
slightly glazed and I noticed a deep sense of calm as the last of my juices
entered her.
   We soon had to call a halt to our bathtub game. It was a beautiful way to 
end the evening and we knew that there would be many more times to practice our
new fetish. Why exhaust our possibilities in one evening?
   Bathing has taken on an entirely new meaning for the both of us. We don't
simply clean ourselves up, though I'm sure we will be cleaner now that we are
combining bathing and bondage more frequently. So here's a bit of advice from
two people who have been there. "Rub a dub dub, tie her up in the tub!" Your
sex life will never be the same again!

--
