                           When He's Away
                           --------------



        Ten minutes after I'd settled in my new place, I'd made up my mind 
to make a play for the woman across the hall. She was carrying a basket of 
clothes to the building laundry room. I hurried to gatehr some of my clothes 
and followed her. I was in luck because there were no other tenants in the 
rrom, and there were only two machines.

        I politely asked her if she would explain the operation of the 
machines to me. She cheerfully obliged, and soon my clothes were being 
washed. We introduced ourselves. Her name was Ruth, and she had lived there 
for a year with her husband. I was dismayed though, when she said she had a 
few things to do in her apartment, and would go do them during the time her 
clothes were washing.

        The manager walked in just as Ruth was leaving and saw the 
disappointment on my face. "You're working on a lost cause there, young 
feller," the old woman said. "She's a nice girl and don't mess around."

        I don't give up easily, though. I found out Ruth's husband was on a 
business trip. That night i purchassed a bouquet of roses and knocked on her 
door. I told her i was just showing my appreciation for her help in the 
laundry room.

        She squealed with delight. "I've never recieved flowers, not even 
from my husband."
        
        She was so thankful she invited me in and offered me coffee. "I'm 
sorry I don't have anything stronger to drink, but I don't indulge."

        She was seated on the sofa when I assured her that just being in her 
company was intoxicating enough for me. she blushed and folded her hands in 
her lap. Dropping her eyes, she said softly, "Flowers and lovely 
compliments, all in the same day. I'm not accustomed to such flattery."

        I was quick to follow this up. "A creature as lovely as you should 
never be left alone." Tears shone in the corners of her eyes. " I do get so 
lonely some times."

        In a second, I was by her side daubing her eyes with my 
handkerchief. She offered no resistance as i eased her head onto my 
shoulder. I caressed her earlobe, and her body tensed for a few seconds 
before she relaxed against me.

        Her voice was barely audible as she whispered. "I shouldn't be 
letting you do this."

        Her knees were just visible below her skirt and i placed a hand on 
one. As soon as my fingers touched her bare skin, a soft moan bubbled 
through her sobs. I could sense her resisting in an attempt to hold her 
tighs together.But as i blew my breath down the opening in her blouse and 
inched my fingers closer to her cunt, all resistance left her and she 
dropped her hand to my cock.

        I picked her up and asked her to point out the bedroom. She was 
protesting that she shouldn't but at the same time her arm was outstreched, 
her fingers pointing to a door. I put her on the bed and slowly undressed 
her. As my hands brushed over her tits and belly, she made an effort to 
cover her nakedness with her hands. But when i removed my pants and shorts, 
my upright cock sprang out and she held out her arms to me.

        She took one of my hands and, as her thighs parted, she rippled my 
fingers along their inner surfaces. A long sigh came from her lips and her 
eyes closed in anticipation, as my fingertips parted the hair at the lower 
end of her cunt. I gently opened its lips and probed for her clit. My 
fingers brushed over it ans she grasped my hand, pressing my fingers deep 
inside her cunt. I bent my head to her tits and sucked a nipple into my 
mouth, feeling it grow hard against my tongue. I unrolled a condom on my 
cock and questionned her with my eyes. She spread her tighs wide open and 
nodded.

        "Take me now," she moaned. "I'll go mad if i don't feel you inside 
me."
        I put my hands under the hollow of her back and clasped her to me. 
As i pulled her up, my cock found its way into her soft moist cunt. For the 
first few moments, she seemed a little reluctant to let herself enter into 
the spirit of a good uninhibited fuck. But after I'd slid my hands up to her 
belly and used my thumbs to tantalize her clit, her ass began to undulate on 
the bed. Soon she was fucking with all the passion of a sex-starved nymph.

        She wrapped her legs around my back and i cramped her heels in the 
crack of my ass. Like a shanke, she writhed beneath me, the moisture from 
her cunt heating up my balls with it's wet warmth.

        Thereafter, whenever Ruth and I met in the hallway, we passed each 
other with merely a nod and a smile. The manager noted this and gloated, 
"See? Didn't I tell you she was a nice girl and didn't mess around.?"

        Little did the old bat know I occupied Ruth's husband's bed on the 
nights he was away...


