Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.


Amber Fields

by:  Big Daddy


Amber Fields (20 yr. Old girl returns home to take her father
from his new wife and recalls how things all started when she
was 6)

	As I carefully folded my new crotchless panties I thought about
the trip ahead.  I left home at age 17 and have been away for
three years.  I'm 20 now and ready to go back to what I've been
such a fool to leave in the first place.  I know my father has
gotten married now so getting him back might be harder than I
had originally planned, but as I pack my lace nightie I have to
think I have a good chance.

Slowly my mind drifted back to the way it used to be.  I
remember how it started....

	"Well, Amber," my father said as we rode around in his big
wheat tractor cutting the fields.  "Happy 6th birthday."

"Thank you daddy," I said.  My parents separated when I was 3
but I always got to see daddy once a month and every other year
I got to see him on my birthday.

"Well since it's your birthday why aren't you wearing your
birthday suit?" he asked.

"Birthday suit?" I asked.  "What's that?"

"You're birthday suit is what you were wearing the day you were
born," he told me.  "Do you know what you were wearing the day
you were born?"

"No."

"What clothes do babies have when they are VERY first born?" he
asked.

"They don't have any silly," I giggled.

"That's right," daddy said.  "And that's your birthday suit.

"That's a funny name," I said.

"Yep," daddy paused.  "So how come you aren't wearing your
birthday suit?"

"I don't know," I said.

"Well it's your birthday isn't it?"

"Yep!"

"Then why don't you wear your birthday suit?"

"Cause then I'd be naked!" I laughed again.  This was all very
funny to me back then.

"So?" Daddy said.  "You can be naked on your birthday.  After
all, it's your special birthday suit."

"I can?"

"Yep," daddy said.  "If you want, I'll even wear my birthday
suit too so you don't feel alone."

"But it's not your birthday," I protested.

"I know," he said.  "But it doesn't have to be your birthday to
wear your birthday suit does it?"

"I guess not."

"So," daddy paused again.  "What do you say?  You show me your
birthday suit and I'll show you mine."

"You want me to get naked?" I asked surprised.

"Sure," daddy said matter of factly.  "I'll even get naked with
you."

"Ok," I laughed again at the thought of getting naked in the
tractor.  

"Go ahead," He said.  Take off your shirt.

With the innocence of a child I quickly undid my little shirt
and threw it on the floor of the cab.

"Now take off your skirt," daddy said.

I did as he said and found myself sitting in his big tractor
with bare chest and only a pair of panties and shoes on.

"Take off your panties too," daddy encouraged me.

"But then you'll see my girlie spot," I said embarrassed.

"That's ok," daddy said.  "I'm your father.  I can see your
girlie spot."

It made sense to me so I quickly drug my panties to the floor
and sat naked in my chair.

"Oh ya," Daddy said.  "You look real good in your birthday suit."

"Thanks daddy," I said.	

"Don't hide your girlie spot," he told me.  "Open your legs and
let daddy see."

"Ok," I laughed.  "But you got wear your birthday suit too."

Daddy stopped the tractor and turned it off.

"All right," he said.  "Daddy's going to show you his manly
spot."

I watched with fascination as he took off his shirt and began
unbuttoning his pants. "Turn toward me sweety," he said as he
continued to slowly unbutton his jeans.  "So I can see your
girlie spot better." I did as he said with eyes wide as he
opened his pants and started pulling them down along with his
underwear. I saw Daddy's huge cock for the first time then and I
remember how big and hard it looked. "WHAT'S THAT?" I asked
pointing at my daddy's hard prick. "That's my manly spot," He
said as he finished taking off his pants.  "See, these are my
balls," he said as she played with them a little and rolled them
around in his fingers. "Can I touch em?" I asked. "Not yet," he
said.  "Not until you get older."

"How much older?" I asked.   "Oh a couple years, say when your
eight." "But that's a long time!" I said. "Don't worry sweety,"
daddy said.  "Until then, whenever you come over we can get in
our birthday suits together and you can see it." Then, every
month Daddy and I would get together and as soon as mother left
we would both be naked in our birthday suits the whole weekend. 
Daddy never touched me once and never let me touch him.  Until
that is, my 8th birthday.

 I folded up my bra's and panties and wondered if he still
thought of those younger days.  As I finished packing the last
of my clothes I sat on the bed and remembered my 8th birthday.



I had started to take off my clothes as usual as soon as mother
left but Daddy stopped me. "No Amber," he said.  "Let's go out
into the fields today before we get naked." "Ok," I said
breathlessly.  "I had remembered that today he was going to let
me touch his manly spot. Daddy walked me out into the fields by
the hand and when we had gotten deep into the tall wheat he
stopped. "Ok," he said.  "Let's get undressed." "I took off my
clothes faster then ever that day and waited impatiently for him
to finish taking off all of his.  I could hardly wait to touch
that huge hard cock that he had been showing me for two years
now. "Put your hands behind your back," Daddy said. "But you
said I could touch it when I turned 8," I argued.  "You said,
you said!" "I know," he told me.  "You'll get to touch it, I
promise.  Just do what I say." Reluctantly I put my hands behind
my back.  That's when my daddy touched me with it for the first
time. Grabbing his hard cock he pointed it at me and touched the
head of it to my chest.  I remember being surprised at how soft
and warm it was.  Slowly he drug his fat cock across my chest
and across my hard nipples.  I moaned out loud at the tingling
feelings going through my body. "Get on your knees sweety,"
Daddy told me. I quickly dropped to my knees in the soft wheat
and watched his big cock swing around to my face. "Keep your
mouth closed," he said as he slid his cock across my face and
against my soft young lips.  I don't know why but I wanted to
open my mouth so badly, I wanted to touch his big cock with my
tongue. "Now lay on your back," he told me. As I lay down Daddy
dropped to his knees between my legs and pushed them apart with
his hands.  I was so nervous thinking that he was going to put
that huge thing inside me but he told me that he wasn't going to
do that. "I just want to rub my cock against your pussy," he
said.   "Oh Daddy!" I exclaimed as I spread my legs further for
him.  "Please do it!" Daddy laid down on top of me and I felt
his big cock smash against my stomach.  I moaned again as he
started rubbing his big hard cock up and down my tummy over and
over.  Then, he reached down and grabbed his cock and within
seconds I felt his fat head touching my little tight pussy. "Oh
daddy!" I said.  "That feels so good!" Slowly daddy rubbed his
cock against my young clit getting it wetter and wetter.  I felt
his fat head spreading my young pussy open a little but he never
pushed it in.  Suddenly he groaned and lifted up.  I saw his
white hot cum shoot out and splash onto my little body. "Ooo,
what is that Daddy?" I asked naively. 

"Oh God," Daddy groaned.  "That's Daddy's cum."

Then Daddy got on his knees and slowly stroked his cock until
more cum dripped out and landed right on my little pussy.

"Rub it in," Daddy said.

Obediently I rubbed my pussy and felt his warm cum sliding
around my fingers and clit.

"Taste it," He said.  "Lick your fingers."

I did what he said and tasted the salty taste of my fathers cum
for the first time.

"Do you like it?" he asked.

"Can I lick it off your cock?" I asked.

"Someday," he laughed.  "Someday I'll let you suck daddy's cock
and then you can taste it all."

"When?" I asked.

"In a coupe years," he said.  "When you're 10."

For the next two years that I visited daddy he squirted his cum
on me and let me lick it off my fingers.  One time he had me
bend over and hold on to the tractor while he squirted cum all
over my ass.  Another time he squirted it on my face (but my
mouth had to stay closed), but most of all he loved to squirt it
all over my pussy.

	When I turned 10 I was more than ready to suck Daddy's cock. 
What I didn't know was that Daddy was also going to eat my
pussy.  As soon as mother left Daddy told me to get undressed. 
Next thing I knew I was laying on the ground with my legs spread
and Daddy was kissing my tummy.  As his kisses got lower and
lower my pussy get wetter and wetter and when his tongue flicked
across my young clit for the first time I screamed out in
pleasure.

"OH DADDY!" I squealed as he just plunged his tongue deeper up
inside my pussy.

"Oh Daddy, oh Daddy, OH DADDY!!" I kept squealing.  It was the
most wonderful feeling I had ever had.  My daddy ate my pussy
like a champion that day for over an hour straight.  Finally he
stood up and unzipped his pants.

"Can I suck it now?" I asked with pleading eyes.

"Yes," he growled as he pulled out his huge cock and put it in
my face.  I opened my mouth wide and he placed his hand on the
back of my head as he eased his big cock into my tiny mouth.

"Oh THATS IT!" He growled.  "Careful with your teeth.  Just use
your tongue.  That's a good girl!"

And there I was, kneeling naked on the floor with my Daddy's big
cock in my mouth and I was loving every second of it.  From that
day forward I knew I was his forever.

Daddy squirted his cum in my mouth that day and I swallowed as
quickly as I could though lots of it spilled out of my lips and
ran down my chin.  He liked that so much I purposefully let some
spill later even though I learned to swallow it all.

For the next two years Daddy and I would suck and lick each
other every month until our tongues were too sore to do anything
else.  Daddy loved to put me in a 69 with me on top and would
lick my little asshole every once and a while between licking my
eager clit. At age 11 I had my first orgasm and daddy licked my
cum so hard I thought I was going to explode.  It became a
regular thing during that last month that daddy would eat me
until I came and then let me suck him off afterwards.

During my 11th year I started developing my breasts and a nice
patch of hair on my little pussy.  Daddy kept telling me that I
was becoming quite a woman and that it wouldn't be long until I
was ready.  I knew what he meant and my tight pussy quivered
every time I thought of Daddy putting his huge cock inside it.

	When I turned 12 I knew what was going to happen.  I waited
breathlessly as my mother pulled out of the driveway and left me
alone with Daddy for what was soon to be the start of my
womanhood.  Daddy wasted no time and grabbing me and kissing me
deeply, shoving his tongue in my mouth like I always liked.

Now

	My heart raced a hundred miles an hour when I knocked on the
door.  Jenny, my father's new wife, answered and welcomed me in
with a warm smile and a hug.  I almost felt guilty for what I
was about to take away from her, but when I thought of her
sucking my father's fat cock every night for the past 3 years I
quickly lost sympathy. 

Jenny went to the bedroom to wake daddy up and he came out
looking exactly like I remembered him, tall, handsome and strong
as an ox.  

"Amber!" he exclaimed as he opened his arms to me.  

Quickly I dropped my bags and dashed into his arms once again. 
As he held me, like a father would normally hold a long departed
daughter, I could not help but feel sad.  I did not feel his
electric touch on my bare back like I used to when he held me
naked in his arms.  I did not feel his huge rock hard cock
pressed against my belly or my hard nipples against his chest or
his strong hands squeezing my tight ass.

"I've missed you," he said as he let go of me.

"I missed you too," I said as I reluctantly pulled away.

That very night I went to work at winning my father back.  Jenny
and my father had gone to bed already and left me alone.  I
quickly slipped on my black lace nightie and waited










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....