		+++++ Anything for Shelter +++++





Solid latex head pressing insistently at the swollen, clenched roseate
muscle the shaft bends the head slips off its mark; sliding slickly up
between the boy's tensed buttocks it angers me.  He gasps and pulls
against the cotton clothesline holding his limbs tight to the four
corners of the wooden frame rage swells bloats my pecs for a moment I
contemplate cutting that tight little band of muscle so he will be
unable to fight against intrusion but reason overcomes me; he will not
be tight enough for my customers if I were to cut him thusly.

I've lubed him amply, having forced a tube of K-Y up his ass and
squeezed a goodly portion into him I know the dildo will not tear him
up inside, he is simply stubborn and that will not do.

"Boy!"  I hiss into his left ear, I feel his pale smoothe body
trembling against me as I press myself against the back of his young
body.  I've guessed he is at least fifteen, though under-fed and
bearing only the slightest intimations of puberty he easily passes for
a 12-year-old to the men I rent him to each night.  He is getting
rather the worse for the wear of late, though he always gets a full
eight hours sleep each cycle his surface is beginning to show the wear
and tear of too many floggings and clothes-pins, his nipples are now
permanently swollen and elongated from the tit-clamps that have not
left his titties since they were first applied his penis is shriveled
his testicles swollen painfully from general misuse he has only rarely
achieved any state resembling arousal in the days since I've had him;
not that that matters.  His agony is what my customers and I get off
on, not his pleasure. Still, he is showing definite signs of overuse
and my regulars will begin complaining in another day or so, so it's
off to the knacker's if he doesn't attract a permanent sale tonight.

"Loosen up, boy!" I hiss menacingly in his ear, as I squeeze the other
ear viciously between leather-clad fingers; he squawks, terrified, at
the mundane nature of this novel source of pain and I take the
opportunity to slam the dildo into his ass.  

He screams, a horrible agonized howl as the dildo splits open his
abused shit-tube, the pain seems worse after he has rested, the
vessels in his rectum having swollen tight in their futile efforts at
healing, bruises sprout like purple flowers over the surface of his
body, congregating on his ass, pooling around the hairless pit of his
groin where teeth and fingers and clothes-pins and whips and whatnot
have had their fun with their favorite parts of his anatomy

I always have my fun with the meat first thing upon rising.  After a
full sleep, their bodies have not yet had the opportunity to begin
production of the mind-numbing endorphins my torture releases.  This
kid's poor bewildered psyche is still present, and it howls and
shrieks and forces his body to pull futilely against his bonds trying
desperately to lift his buttocks up off the dildo embedded in his ass.
I drive the rubber intruder up into him again and again and again, as
I reach around his taut, sweaty body to pull at the alligator clips
attached to his swollen purple bruised nipples his head thrashes
stringy blond hair whipping against my face as he writhes patheticly.

I maul his ass with my lifelike rubber cock; ten inches long,
enormously fat, heavy swollen balls, an incredibly lifelike mold of
the real thing, "Jeff Stryker's" I recall.  I clutch at the boy,
pressing hard, my ripped pecs flush against his scrawny back, I work
out fanatically in the afternoons after breaking in the meat for my
customer's nightly enjoyment.  With ample strength and stamina, and a
rubber dong, I can piston myself relentlessly in whatever holes are
available in the chicken I supply my diners with.  But for the fact
that I unstrap my dick to pee and I have no literal balls, there is no
way to distinguish me from a fully developed male of the species; If I
were to ever get caught at my trade, my greatest hope would be life in
a prison based on genetics and genitalia.  I can only drool at the
thought of all that raw female meat ripe for fucking, I'd be like a
kid in a candy store.  My two inch dick, grown from illicitly obtained
hormones gets nice and hard as I fuck the kid's ass, pressing against
the base of the dildo as I slam into him, imagining myself let loose
in a prisonful of captive bitches ripe for my plucking.

I lose myself, imagine my cock, MY cock, long and fat, I swear I can
feel it, sometimes in less lucid moments I imagine it must be a past
life experience as I swear I feel MY cock splitting into the writhing
boy, I feel MY cock sliding in the hot warm depths of this scrawny
naked boy, feel his ass-muscle rolling tightly up and down the length
of MY cock as I brutally violate him.  The studs around the base of
the harness dig into his ass and as I pull out of him I note with
pleasure the tiny red spots of blood beginning to appear on his
buttocks.  He has shrieked non-stop with varying degrees of intensity
since I first penetrated him, and I slam back into him with one last
brutal stroke as my cum pools between my legs I only wish there were
some way to inject it into their puny little asses and cunts.

I've saved the studded harness for the last day; the meat don't know,
of course, that the bloody dots are a signal to my customers that
they've been tenderized for the final drilling and if the customers
wish to purchase some raw meat this is their final opportunity before
it's sent off to the knacker's.

Clutching myself to the boy as I push myself into him in the final
throes of orgasm, I unbuckle the harness and step away from his ass, a
clear trail of cum sliding down the hairy surface of my inner thigh, a
long drooling "lust-booger" I've always called it.

The dildo is still embedded in the kid's ass and he's quit shrieking
now he's twisting and crying and working his muscles to try and expel
the monster dong violating his rectum; I step up behind him and pull
the trailing length of the harness between his thighs, turning it
inside out, the studs on the panel that covers my ass are pressed
against his groin as I fasten it tightly around his waist he can push
all he wants now, the dildo will only slide part-way out, and the more
he pushes outward from his rectum, the more the pointed studs are
driven into his already sorely abused genitals.

I've pulled my leather pants back up, I don't care for anyone to see
my actual thumb-sized dick, really it's just a giant clit. I pull my
pants up and stride around to the front of the frame where the boy is
sobbing, tears rolling down his face.

"You should be _grateful_." I grin at him, slap his face with one
gloved hand, slap his crotch with the other, guffawing as he howls at
the spikes mashing into his tortured groin.

I'm in his face, prickly moustache scraping along his smooth cheek.

"You'd still be living in the train station if I hadn't picked you
up."  I squeeze his crotch even harder as he tenses and pulls against
his bonds crying out harshly at the abuse of his groin, tears welling
in his eyes as he recalls the freedom of a quickly receding past.

My favorite wooden paddle is hanging from the side of the frame.  It's
been used on his ass by scores of men over the past few nights, but
never quite like it will be now.  I grin, I can feel the little finger
hardening in my pants even though I've just come.  I bend to bite at
the flesh just below his swollen bruised nipples; grabbing the paddle
from its hook on the side of the frame, I move behind the boy.

"Remember," I whisper cruelly into his ear, "You said you'd do
_anything_ for a place to stay."  I laugh, my booming laugh echoing
cruelly in the small room.

I unleash a fantastic blow, a beautifully aimed blow, it lands
squarely against the base of the monster rubber dong protruding from
the boy's ass, drives it up into him as far as it will go, farther
than my hips could drive it.  Spikes drive into his buttocks,
compress, flatten.  A shattering wail is rent from the boy's lungs,
the frame jerks from the force of the blow and I slip a hand down the
front of my pants to pull at the short fat finger of flesh pressing
against my fly I rear back and slam the paddle against his buttocks,
over and over, rubbing and pulling myself to the brink of orgasm as
the boy's shrieking escalates in desperation until his lungs are
emitting one continuous siren-like wail interrupted only by
intermittent gasps for air.

The front of my pants are pulsating, throbbing, my breathing is ragged
as I struggle to fend off climax.  Sweating, veins standing out along
the length of my thick arms I stand for a moment behind the boy eyes
glistening as I watch with fascination the blood trickling down the
back of his legs.  I've beaten the spikes into his flesh hard enough
to break the skin and his rectum has just taken the most vicious
reaming of his entire short life.  I am quite certain he has never
experienced such pain as I have just shown him and I feel a quirky
sense of pride at this.

The paddle is replaced and I retrieve a wide strap from the far wall
in this small party space where I am keeping this particular
acquisition; the wooden paddle will do too much damage for what I
plan.

I'm in front of the boy again, my left hand is down my pants again I'm
pulling more slowly this time, too close to coming to wank any more
vigorously.  I raise the strap, bring it down across the harness
covering his groin and am rewarded with a deafening howl as I imagine
the spikes driving into his soft flaccid penis and swollen testicles
crushed up against his body.  Pulling myself, stroking carefully, I
pull back again, slam the strap into his groin, over and over I beat
at his groin and between his legs tied to the corners of the frame,
occasionally I miss my mark and raise a weal across his belly, across
a thigh, too caught up in my frenzied lust to aim as carefully as I
did with his ass.  

I feel it; the rippling in my belly, the intense heat in the
smoldering pit between my legs; I feel it rolling like an approaching
thunderhead and I aim the final blow across his chest, aim directly
for the swollen tortured titties clenched between alligator clips;
there is an intense explosion of heat in my groin, the sounds of his
anguish as the clamps are torn from his nipples meld perfectly with my
own wild release; he continues to scream, head thrown back, twisting
and pulling with all his puny might against the clothesline, the blood
slowly returning to his suddenly released nipples causing him
unimaginable agony.

I stand, sweating and heaving, only now beginning to notice the puddle
of slime in the crotch of my pants.  I move toward the writhing,
shrieking, bound boy, release the harness; yanking my dick from his
ass I admire the results of my expertise, fingering the little bloody
red dots covering his buttocks and groin I tweak his nipples cruelly
to hear him shriek with renewed vigor.

I slip a choke-chain over his head, release first his legs, which I
bind tightly together.  You'd think such caution wouldn't be
necessary, after so many days of torture and abuse; trust me, the
survival instinct in humans is awe-inspiring.  His arms are next, I tie
them tightly behind his back; his wrists and ankles are showing signs
of abrasion, rope-burns, after so many days of confinement, but
they'll heal, if his new owner even cares.

I drag him over to the corner of the room where a heavy metal ring is
sunk into the wooden floor, force him face down and padlock one end of
the choke chain to the ring so he is unable to even roll onto his side
without choking himself he cries as his tortured nipples and genitals
contact the hard floor but if he lies without moving and works through
the pain he will be able to get some rest over the rest of the
afternoon before the guests arrive for his final auction.

I am off to clean my harness and dildo, not to mention the mess in my
pants; get in a good workout, and hunt down some new meat, before the
guests arrive.

*************end
