                         Babysitting Discovery
                                Part 3
                          By Mitchell Knight

        Steve did end up calling me on Thursday.  Apparently he had made
some plans for Saturday night, so he wanted me to come over and sit for a
few hours.  He planned on making it an early night.
        The weather had cleared up a little by Saturday.  Most of the snow
had melted away and the sun had just set as I walked over to the Wallace's.
        "Hi, Alex," Steve greeted me.
        "Hi," I answered, mentally adding 'Steve.'
        My eyes surreptitiously found his crotch while he took my coat
from me.  He was wearing very tight pants and I could almost make out
every curve of his cock.
        When he turned to hang up my coat, I stared unabashedly at his
ass.  I could see the lines of his jockey shorts through his tight pants. 
In a brief flash, my mind's eye conjured up the image of his firm, white,
naked butt cheeks as he had shown them off in the video.  I flushed bright
red.
        "Is something wrong? Are you sick?" Steve asked, turning around
and noticing my condition.
        "No, I'm okay."
        "All right.  Nick is in the kitchen with a friend.  I told them he
could sleep over, but make sure they're in bed by 10:30.  I don't care if
they don't go to sleep right away, but get them in bed.  If you have any
problems, just give me a call."
        We had moved into the kitchen where Nick and his friend were
contentedly munching on popcorn at the table.  I recognized his friend,
he'd been over before when I had babysat.  His name was Chris, and he was
a year or two older than Nick.
        "Hi, Alex," Nick said, waving.
        "Hi," I answered with a smile.
        "The number where you can reach me is right here," Steve showed me.
        I nodded.
        "Okay, you guys, be good for Alex.  I'll see you guys tomorrow
morning for breakfast.  I'll make some jumbo pancakes," Steve promised.
        The boys cheered.
        "I should be back by midnight," Steve told me before he left.
        The boys kept to themselves while I was there.  They went up to
Nick's room after finishing their popcorn, and when I went up to check on
them later I found the door closed.  Nick explained that they were getting
changed for bed.  I glanced at my watch and saw that it was only a quarter
to ten.
        I checked back a half hour later, and they let me in.  They were
both in bed.  I said goodnight, shut off the light, and left, closing the
door behind me.
        I went downstairs and watched a little TV.  I was eager to watch
the tape, but I wanted to make sure the boys were up there to stay for the
night.  Having Nick catch me had turned out okay, but I didn't know if I
would be so lucky with his friend Chris.
        After I'd decided a suitable amount of time had passed, I went to
the tape's hiding place.  I got down the shoebox and opened it.  Inside
there was a white piece of paper with the tape.  Curious, since the paper
hadn't been there the last time, I opened it.
        I nearly dropped the box when I read it.
        
                Alex,
                   Wait until I get back tonight, and I'll give 
                you your own private show.
                                Steve

        My trembling hand crumpled up the note.
        'How did he find out?' I wondered.
        I returned the tape to its spot and sat down.  I was in a very
nervous state.  I didn't know what to think.  I just couldn't believe that
he had found out.
        My nervousness was also tinged with a bit of excitement and sexual
tension.  I considered the offer described in the note, and my dick
stiffened immediately.  I wanted to know now what was going on.
        I didn't have to wait very long.  I heard the garage door open
about a half hour later.  I waited on the couch, trying to keep my knees
from shaking.  I shut off the TV and turned to watch as Steve entered the
house.  In the background, the garage door was automatically closing.
        "Hi, Alex.  Did you get my note?" Steve asked, with a big grin.
        I nodded.  In my highly excited and nervous state, I was worried
that my voice might crack and betray me, so I didn't answer his question
verbor w.  
        "So, are you interested?" he asked, coming into the room.
        "How did you find out?" I got up the courage to ask.  Luckily my
voice came out strong and normal sounding.
        "You forgot to rewind the tape," Steve answered, smiling again.
        'Stupid, stupid!  Of course, that was it!' I realized.  I had been
in such a rush the last time I hadn't even bothered to think about that. 
        "Do you want to go up to my room?" Steve asked.
        "What are you going to do?" I asked, wanting to race right up
those stairs right now, but holding back because of doubts in my mind.
        "Nothing you don't want to do.  I thought we could pleasure each
other.  I promise you, if you come upstairs with me, you will have the
best time of your life.  Don't worry, I won't hurt you," Steve responded
soothingly, his deep masculine voice massaging away my worries.
        "Okay," I answered, getting up.
        I followed him up the stairs and into his bedroom.  He closed and
locked the door behind him.  He dimmed the lights.
        "How are you feeling?" he asked.
        "Fine," I answered.
        "Would you like to take off my clothes?" he asked.
        I swallowed and nodded.
        "Go ahead," he said, moving in closer.
        I took off his coat first.  In our rush, he still hadn't removed that.
        "What should I do with it?" I asked.
        "Just throw it on the floor," Steve replied.
        I let it drop and then I began unbuttoning his shirt.  I did this
slowly so as to enjoy each part of his chest that was revealed.  Since the
video, he had lost much of his tan, but he was still darker than I was. 
With his black hair and brown eyes, he had a slightly darker complexion
than I.
        The final button came undone once I pulled his shirt out of his
pants.  I slid it off his shoulders, and then tried to pull it off, but it
got caught on his wrists.  
        "You have to undo those buttons too," Steve told me.
        Going to his right hand, I undid the button at that wrist first. 
I pulled the shirt off his right hand and ran my hand over the black hairs
that curled on his arm.  Then I undid the left and pulled the shirt
completely off and let it fall to the floor.
        I went to his pants and undid the button and slowly unzipped him. 
I pulled the tight pants down over his ass and then they fell to his
ankles on their own.  He wore white jockeys which I had glimpsed earlier
in the night through his tight pants.  The head of his large erection
poked out the top of the waistband of his underwear.
        Steve took off his shoes and socks and then stepped out of his
pants.  I pulled down his underwear and gazed on the erection that I had
engraved in my memory.  It excited me even more in person.  My erection
throbbed painfully within the confines of my pants.
        Now completely naked, Steve wrapped his arms around me and pressed
himself against my body.  He dipped his head to mine and gave me a long
gentle kiss.  I tasted willingly of his open mouth.  I felt his strong
hands lightly grip my buttocks.
        Then he ran his hands up under my shirt along the smooth flesh of my
chest.  He pulled the shirt off over my head and then darted forward and
took my right nipple in his mouth.  He bit it lightly.
        "Oh!" I exclaimed lightly, partly in surprise and partly because I
enjoyed the feeling that came with it.
        He smiled and bit the left one.  I ran my hands along his back and
down to his ass.  I felt the smooth flesh there and then ran a finger
along his crack, feeling the short hairs that grew there as he pulled down
my pants.
        We went over to the bed where I sat down.  He knelt before me and
pulled off my socks and then he buried his head in my crotch.  He lightly
bit my erection through the thin cotton of my jockey shorts.  Then his
hands were gripping the waistband of my underwear.
        He looked deep into my eyes as he slowly tugged at them.  I lifted
my hips to allow him to slowly slip them off.  I could see his concern and
lust for me within those deep brown eyes of his.  Impulsively I leaned
forward and kissed him.
        "Lay back on the pillow," he urged.
        I lay down on the bed with my head on the pillow.  He crawled onto
the bed and knelt between my legs.  He spread them apart a little further
so he had enough room.  Then his head came down, and he lightly kissed the
head of my erection.
        Steve's tongue flicked out and swirled around the head of my
penis.  It felt incredible.  This was so much better than using my hand. 
I now understood the mystery behind oral sex.
        His tongue traveled down the length of my erection and then he
licked at my bor s.  There was a place on my left nut where the hair was
worn away, and he slowly stroked this with his tongue.  It felt great!
        Then he started licking the skin behind my bor s and working his
way back.  When his tongue touched my anus, at first I thought I'd been
mistaken, but then he licked it again.  As his tongue shallowly probed my
hole, I realized this was no mistake.  I began to squirm as he drove his
tongue deeper, driving me wild.  I pushed my bottom into his face, losing
myself in the experience and the feelings.
        His finger replaced his tongue in my well-lubed anus.  It didn't
feel as good, but it was still welcome.  He kept it just at the opening,
with only about a half inch inserted.  This changed as his mouth engulfed
my erection to the base.  As he bobbed up and down on my cock, his finger
echoed his head motions, going in and out of my hole.
        As he pushed deeper into me, it began to hurt a little, but the
sensations his mouth was giving me counteracted the minor discomfort.  I
clutched at the material of the comforter as my entire body began to
tense.  My hands froze in this position as my climax built within me.
        His movements sped up as I reached the brink.  I felt myself reach
the point of orgasm, but I didn't come.  This climax continued to build,
surpassing any I'd ever had before.
        I felt Steve's finger thrust forward quickly as his head came down
on my dick.  The head of my penis scraped against the back of his throat,
and all of this sent me over the edge.  My entire body became rigid and I
came in his mouth.  It seemed like this went on forever as I shot spurt
after spurt of my semen into his mouth, but I finally came down from this
new height of ecstasy, and my body went limp.
        I ached all over from the prolonged tensing of my muscles; my
knuckles cracked as I released the comforter from my grip.  A deep calm
descended over me, soothing away the soreness in my muscles.
        "Judging from your reaction, I'd guess you liked that," Steve
said, grinning.
        "I did," I replied softly.
        He laid down beside me, putting his arm around me.  I laid my head
on his chest.
        "I'm glad."
        I ran my hand down his abdomen to his small patch of pubic hair.
        "Did you cut this?" I asked.
        Steve chuckled.  "Yes.  It's something Tami likes.  She usually
trims it every once in a while.  Do you like it?"
        "Yes," I answered.  His black pubic hair seemed so neat and
controlled in its trimmed state.  Much different from my unruly thick
pubic hair.
        I began running my hand over his penis.  It slowly began to
inflate as I touched it.
        "Are you gay?" I asked.
        "Maybe.  Sort of.  I enjoy sex with my wife, but there's just some
things she can't do for me that I need a guy for," he answered.
        "Like what?" I asked.
        Steve shook his head.  "That's for later.  Right now I'd like you
to suck my dick."
        I stared at his large member at that point.  It was fully erect
and stood at attention impressively between his legs.
        "I don't think I can take it all--" I protested.
        "I know you can't.  That's okay.  Just suck on the end.  That's
all that matters," Steve explained.
        I nodded, realizing this was true.  I moved out of his embrace and
got down between his legs.
        "You don't have to eat my cum if you don't want to," Steve said.
        "No.  I want to," I realized.
        "Okay."
        He spread his legs further apart, and I went to work.
        I opened my mouth wide and took in as much of his cock as I could.
 I filled my mouth with his dick.  I held it steady with my hand while I
went down on it.  My hand couldn't reach all the way around.  My other
hand tickled his huge hairless bor s.
        He put his hands on my shoulders and squeezed when he started to
reach orgasm.  I increased my rhythm at this signal and used my hand to
provide more friction lower on his cock.
        He came after a minute tensing in his legs.  His cum spilled into
my mouth.  I swallowed as fast as I could because there was so much, and I
wanted to make sure I got it all.  What I did taste as it rushed past my
tongue was salty and delicious.  Even with all my efforts to not let it
escape, some of his cum slid from my mouth onto his erection.  I licked
this up after he finished.
        "Was that the first blowjob you've ever given?" he asked.
        "Yes," I lied.  I didn't want to tell him about his son and I.
        "That wasn't too bad.  Next time I'll teach you some things that
will make it even better," Steve promised.
        I realized that there would be other times, and I looked forward
to them.  Before I left that night, Steve gave me a picture of himself
completely naked with his juicy exciting cock fully erect.  His body was
very tan and oily in the picture.  I didn't bother to ask how the picture
had been taken, or who had taken it, I was just happy to have this secret
momento.
        The picture found a hiding spot in one of my Isaac Asimov books on
my book shelves.  I took it out to look at often.

End Part 3





