
                                  AnmlLvBr.txt


WARNING:
      This story is fiction and should be treated as such.
      The following story contains descriptions of explicit sex.
If you're not an adult or reading descriptive sex stories upsets you, don't
read any further.
      I'm not the author.  I don't have the talent.
      I can only be the "TheEditor," <grobert@soho.ios.com>

                             An Animal-Loving Bride
                                   Chapter 1

      Her internal mechanism waking her up moments before the alarm was due to
ring, lovely, petite Kate Hutch opened her pale hazel eyes and stared at the
clock resting on the night stand beside her half of the bed.  She watched as
the second hand made another sweep, using the minute to bring herself to full
consciousness before she drew one naked arm from the loving warmth of her
blankets and pushed in the button, making sure that her husband, sleeping next
to her was not disturbed.

      She shivered slightly as she brought her arm back under the blankets, her
fingers brushing lightly first against her satin-smooth flesh, and then against
the muscular hardness of Mark's powerful body.  She turned over lightly, making
sure that he did not waken because of her movements, and allowed her eyes to
fix on his handsome, rugged face.  She couldn't hold back a face-splitting
smile of total, unfettered love as she stared at him, watching him with his
mouth slightly open, his breath rasping in a half snore, half hiss.  A tear of
happiness came to her eyes, and she bit on her lower lip, her cunt already
seeping its warm lubrication as she anticipated the pleasures he would be
bringing her in just a short time. Uuuuuummmmmm...  It was all she could do to
not think about how things had been with her before she married him less than a
month ago, on the day after their graduation from college.  Even though she had
been dating him for almost a year at that point, she had never allowed him to
go all the way with her.  His hands would roam lightly, lovingly over the soft
suppleness of her firm young body, dipping here and there, pressing against her
sensitive, swollen breasts through her blouse or shirt, rubbing tightly against
her vagina through her skirt or jeans, exciting her to no end.  But she had
remained steadfast in her desire to be a virgin when she married, and she had
managed to uphold that promise to herself, keeping her hymen intact until that
first satisfying thrust of her husband's thick cock up into the moist, hot
depths of her vagina, tearing her maidenhood forever...

      And making her see that she had been a fool for putting off such
incredible pleasure until she was married.  The delicious pleasure of having
her vagina filled with the searing hardness of his cock until she was certain
it would split at the seams... the indescribable bliss of feeling his mammoth
shaft of lust-engorged flesh dragging across the throbbing little bud of her
quiveringly excited clitoris... the amazement she experienced as she felt
Mark's ballooned-cock swelling even more right before he flooded her pussy
channel with the scalding river of his thick, creamy semen at the precise
moment she washed her own cum juices around his deeply implanted cock...

      Uuuuuummmmmm...  She thought passionately as she rested her gaze on
Mark's handsome face.  As long as she lived, she knew she would be bathing in
the sensuous after glow of her first fucking.  And while she was just a little
disappointed that she had put off receiving the pleasures of sex that were hers
as a woman, she relished in the fact that her husband, her own Mark, was able
to provide her with those pleasures again and again, just as he had for two
solid weeks on their honeymoon.  Even though they had flown from St. Paul to
the west coast, they were hardly ever out of their hotel room.  The days then
had all seemed to blend into one tremendous orgasm as Mark taught her the
pleasures of sex one step at a time.  Things that Kate had thought were dirty
or perverse were shown to her patiently by her husband.  She remembered the
initial revulsion she had felt as he trailed his lips lightly along the flat
expanse of her belly, inching closer and closer to the flaming red triangle of
her glistening cuntal mound, nibbling with his mouth at the stray wisps of hair
at the base of her abdomen.  She had tried to tell him that she did not want
him to kiss her there, but before she got the words out of her mouth, he had
sliced his tongue through the passion-flushed lips of her seething cunt,
bringing her such pleasure that she was utterly speechless.

      Then he had fucked her with his tongue, flashing the warm, damp organ in
and out with such skill that she thought he had another cock coming out of his
mouth.  The exquisite pleasure she had felt as she orgasmed against his tightly
pressed lips had been wonderful.  There were no other words for it!

      And then he suggested that she take his cock into her mouth, and again
she had felt an initial wave of revulsion.  She could remember the conversation
word by word as she lay on her side, her hazel eyes gazing at

the sleeping form of her husband.

      "You... you mean... you want me to take... your... your cock in my
mouth?"

      "Do you love me?" he had asked patiently.

      "Of course, but..."

      "And do you trust me?'.'

      "Yes, but..."

      "I think you'll like it.  What have you got to lose?"

      And even though she was certain that she wouldn't like it, she decided
that she would give it a try.

      And was she ever pleasantly surprised, she reflected.  She lashed out
with her tiny pink tongue experimentally, and found that the sensation of her
husband's cock was wonderful... different than anything she could think of.
Eagerly, she experimented some more, ovalling her lips and inserting the hugely
swollen, mushroom-shaped head of his penis into the warm wet cavern of her
mouth shivering with the strangeness and deliciousness of the act.  She swirled
her tongue around and around the bloated shaft of her husband's penis, coating
it totally with the heated wetness of her saliva.  Then she moved her lips down
to his scrotum, where his huge, sperm-filled balls hung loose and free.  She
cradled them in one palm while she stroked and squeezed with the other, never
once taking her mouth away from her husband's towering rod of flesh.

      And then she re-inserted his cock into her mouth, taking the hot shaft as
deeply into her throat as was humanly possible, sucking and licking as through
her very life depended on it, reveling in her new-found knowledge, and
delighting when, finally, her husband ejaculated a river of sperm into her
face, ballooning her cheeks and forcing her to swallow each precious drop lest
she choke on the waves of cum flooding her gullet.

      And there had been more during those two weeks... so much more than Kate
was certain she would never tire of the memories.  She remembered Mark taking
her from behind... taking her as they both stood... sixty-nining...

      But the greatest pleasure of all had been last night.  Seeing that Mark
was still sound asleep, Kate closed her eyes and allowed her mind to drift to
the recent past, remembering everything that happened as though she was
actually going through everything again.

      They had just made the trip from the St. Paul airport to the apartment
they were renting until Mark managed to find the type of house they were
looking for.  They were suffering from a little jet lag, although they had
become used to the west coast time.  Even though it was mid-night in St. Paul,
their bodies were telling them that it was only ten in the evening, and they
were still carrying over much of the exuberance brought about by their
incredible two weeks.

      Mark had laughingly carried her across the threshold of their apartment,
and then set her down in the middle of the floor while he went back to collect
their bags.  As she stood and watched Mark hoist the four suitcases and bring
them in, she had to chuckle.  Two of them hadn't even been opened, since they
had spent so much time naked with each other.  It was a Sunday evening.  Mark
would have to be going to work the next day, and Kate would start her life as a
housewife.  She and Mark had talked about the possibility of her getting a job,
but at the moment, there were a number of things that had to be done, and Kate
was going to use her spare time to get those things organized.

      As she watched Mark bringing in their baggage, she could sense that the
honeymoon was almost over...  Almost but not quite.  There was still one more
night left, and she was determined that she was going to make the best of what
was left.

      "Whew... these things are really heavy," Mark breathed, setting them down
on the inside of the door.  "Next time we go on a honeymoon, suppose we take
about half these things."

      He looked up to see his new wife smiling at him, her hands demurely
folded in front of her, resting lightly on her loins.

      "Suppose we go on a honeymoon next week," she said teasingly.

      "Fat chance," he said, not quite picking up on his wife's seductive smile
yet.  "Work tomorrow, and let me tell you, it'll be a long time before I can
afford to take another vacation."

      Kate gave a little chuckle as she stood perfectly still, watching her
husband slave over the suitcases.

      "The least you could do is help me with these things," he said in a
playful tone.

      Still she remained unmoving.  While he was busy with the luggage, she
decided that she would be as blatant as she had ever been in her life. She
slipped out of her coat, the thought of what was about to happen filling her
with a thrill she had never known before... not even on her wedding night.
Then, Mark had slowly stripped her, taking the part of the aggressor while he
taught her the things she would have to know.  This time, she would show him
that she had learned her lessons well.

      After her coat was off, she began unbuttoning her blouse, letting it fall
open and allowing her full, luscious breasts to separate, unhindered by a bra.
And while her husband was still busy with the suitcases, she kicked off her
shoes.  Finally, she gave a little child-like giggle.

      "Hey, I could really use some...

      He started to say something, lifting his head to look at her while he
talked.  But suddenly he stopped as he saw his wife revealing her mature,
lovely nakedness to him.

      "Jesus," he hissed, at first not able to believe that she was actually
doing something like this.

      Kate placed her hands behind her, allowing him an unadulterated view of
her half-nakedness.  For a moment, Mark didn't know what he should do, then he
decided that there was no point in just looking at her like this.

      His form was almost a blur as he raced across the room, slipped his arm
around her waist and drew her half-naked body to him.  His mouth came down hard
to claim her rosy pouted lips, and Kate shivered as she realized that the
honeymoon was not yet over.  Come hell or high water, they had at least one
more passion-filled night together, and they were going to make the most of it.

      As they faced each other for a moment, Mark's eyes drank in the budding
beauty of the woman he had recently married, seeing her pouting, upturned
breast mounds, wide-spaced, large and firm.  The stretch pants she had worn for
the trip home followed her body like a second skin, revealing her tiny,
nipped-in waist, and he felt her belly pull in to form a little hollow.  He
gave a low throaty moan of his own as he crushed her delicately feminine body
close in the circle of his arms, his lips seeking hers and finding them soft,
pliant and ready.

      He kissed her then, his throat making little animal sounds as her mouth
parted and her tongue darted hungrily past his teeth, the familiar honeyed
taste of her driving through him to produce a jerking of his penis against the
confinement of his pants.  She shivered as he smoothed his hands over the
softness of her back, dropping them lower to fondle and massage the swelling
mounds of her buttocks.

      Then her handsome brown haired husband pulled her tight against his
loins, the lithe muscles of her buttocks working in his hands as she undulated
gently up against him.  For long moments, she savored the erotic probings they
made with their tongues.  Then she shivered with her mounting excitement as he
slipped her blouse over the smooth roundness of her shoulders, letting it fall
to the floor.  The deep kiss was unbroken as his hands slid down her now naked
back and his thumbs hooked in the waistband of her stretch pants, gently
pulling them down over the ripeness of her buttocks and down further still to
mid-thigh, carrying her thin, skimpy bikini panties with them.

      He drew the red triangle of her pelvis to him, and his tongue snaked out
to pressure deeper through the warm wet cavern of her mouth.  She moaned with
desire and flexed her hips, pressuring herself in tighter against him.  Her
body shuddered softly when his tongue made electrifying contact with hers deep
in her mouth.

      Arching her buttocks just enough so she could remove the rest of her
clothing, she quickly slithered out of her stretch pants while Mark's tongue
stabbed keeningly erotic sensations through her.  Stepping out of her pants and
panties, she felt the freedom of complete nakedness as she raised her hands to
brush strands of her thick red hair away from her face, pushing them behind her
ears.

      Gently then, she backed away from her husband, saying breathily, "Mark...
let's get your clothes off too..."

      He looked at her and declared, "God!  I hope the honeymoon is never over.
I love you.  I don't want you to ever forget that.  And I want you."

      Hearing the words made Kate feel playfully embarrassed, and she teasingly
turned away from him, feeling for all the world like a bride once more.

      "I want you too..." she said.  Somehow, this was just a little different
than the passion they had experienced in their hotel room, and all the more
delicious for that.

      He slipped his arms under hers, from behind, and cupped her breasts in
his hands.  Nuzzling into her neck through the cloud of red curls, his hands
smoothed down across the flat plane of her belly, caressingly, to play over her
abdomen, one sliding on down to the silken triangle where he used the tip of
his middle finger to titillate the short length of her fully hardened clitoris.
Damn!  She was a far cry from the sexually frightened girl she had been when he
had first met her.  She was really hot!

      She leaned back against him, her eyes closed and her breath coming
jerkily through half-parted lips.  The sparks of sexual excitement in her were
being fanned into licking flames of desire.

      She turned in the full circle of his arms, raw passion flushing her face,
her eyes glazing as he held her close.  Mark felt her hips moving up against
him, the warmth of her transmitted to him through the cloth of his pants.  She
tilted her head up to be kissed... and her hips, undulatingly urgent, told him
to hurry.

      Mark accepted the invitation of her lips.  Their mouths met, welded, and
tongues thrust and parried, probing, tasting and ravaging, as a riotous welter
of sensation slashed at their genitals.

      His hands went exploring, moving down her back to the rounded moons of
her ass to feel them squirm in his palms again.

      Kate's hand slid down between them, to feel the pulsingly hard shaft of
his cock.  She remembered the massive adequacy of it, as she found the
prominent bulge in his pants and outlined it with her fingers, a thrill
stabbing her deep inside when she made the electric contact.  She moved her
hand along its rock-hard length... remembering the fear she had felt when she
saw it the first time... remembering the ecstasy it had brought her since.

      Twisting her head aside, she gasped, "God!... Mark... Now... please.  I
want you to fuck me now... quick!"

      To accent her words, her hands went to work.  She undid the buckle of his
belt, her fingers zipping down his fly, her knowing hand reaching in to find
and free his eagerly throbbing cock, bringing its massive hardness out into the
cool air to fondle and tease to complete readiness.  The lovely young wife
gasped as she felt the surprising length and thickness of it again, its
blood-heated warmth sensually penetrating the palm of her slender hand which
could not encompass it.  Her touch brought it to even greater hardness, and
with a heightened feeling of awe, she began to explore it.  She used her nails
to scrape gently along its rigid length, knowing that it would give him a
charge.  Her reward came instantly.  She felt its lustful, expanding throb,
accompanied by his low moan of pleasure.  No... the honeymoon was not yet
over... and it never would be!

      While she played there below, Mark began tearing off his clothes, ridding
himself of jacket and shirt.  Bare to the waist now, he felt one of her hands
snake down between his legs to cup and cradle his cum-filled balls.  Again she
used her nails to taunt, and he gasped out loud, the sensations sparking his
massive penis to jerk and exude a viscous tear of heated pre-cum.

      Feeling the pulsing, blood-swollen girth of her husband's cock in her
hand, Kate suddenly shifted both hands to the towering shaft.  She squeezed
hard and held it for a couple beats of his pulse.  Mark groaned again and
gripped the waistband of his pants and shorts to pull them down over his hips,
exposing his naked loins to her completely.  Then, using both hands, she began
to twist the loose folds of skin along its hardened length, her hands moving in
opposite directions as though she were wringing out a freshly laundered
garment.

      The erotic sensations stabbed through his lust-engorged cock like a
thousand pricking needles of fire.  God!  He had to get his cock into her...
and fast!  He stepped back away from her, leaning over to rid himself of his
shoes so he could get his pants off.  Quickly, the handsome brown-haired man
shed his remaining clothes, tossing them carelessly aside in his rush, then he
turned back to his eager wife, who had been reluctant to release him for even a
moment.

      Reaching down, he grasped her under her arms, and she was forced,
reluctantly, to let his jerking cock slide from her hand.  His arms went around
her, his hands dropping down to the smooth suppleness of her buttocks to feel
the silky, lithe flesh of her body under his loving hands.

      Then, pulling her tight in against him, he pushed the hardened rod of his
massive penis between her thighs, thrusting it into the tangled red curls of
the pubic hair lining her pulsing cuntal passage.  He moved it back and forth
there, against her naked pussy-flesh, feeling the smooth moisture of her warmly
throbbing cunt flow over his passion-heated hardness.

      The firmly pointed buds of her erected nipples thrust into his chest as
her arms went around him.  Then parting her thighs slightly, Kate dropped her
hand down to grasp his slim hard-muscled buttocks, pulling him in until their
loins met, brown pubic hair meshed with red, and his cock-head nestled solidly
all the way up between her legs in the moist warmth of her pussy.  The huge
bulbous head of his penis was taunting her tightly puckered little anal lips.

      Kate leaned back away from him, breaking the circle of his arms, and with
a guttural groan, Mark scooped up the lovely young woman who was his wife and
carried her into the bedroom.  It was like a repetition of what they had been
doing over the last two weeks, but Kate knew that she would never get tired or
bored of having her husband's penis plunging deeply into her sizzling liquid
cuntal flesh.  She could eat too much, overwork, but she could never get enough
of her husband's cock.  He had taught her well over the last two weeks, and she
squealed her delight as he carried her through the apartment.

      Breathing hard, he laid her down on the huge king-sized bed that came
with the apartment.  Lying on her back, her thighs spread, ready to receive
him, her hands flitted narcissistically over her breasts, fondling them and
cupping them in lewd invitation, then sliding over her flat belly, down the
outside of her thighs and back up the inner softness to the thick red jungle of
her cuntal down which she rubbed while she waited for him to mount her.

      Mark glanced down between her thighs.  He felt now as he had felt the
first time they had fucked... loving, patient, eager and more than willing to
bring her the pleasure she so desperately wanted from him.  And there was the
feeling of incredible warmth and desire that burned painfully now in his cock,
a gnawing passion for her, a hunger... and a satisfaction in the knowledge that
he had transformed her from a lovely young woman who was almost afraid of sex
into a passionate lover... a wife who could meet his needs in every sense of
the word.

      Kate sensed that he liked what he saw, and she responded with an
immediate wider spreading of her thighs and a totally unobstructed view of her
trembling pussy lips, now fully opened to his eager stare.  Mark stood there,
transfixed for a moment, hypnotized by the raw sensual beauty of his lovely
wife.  There was a thin line of moisture along the rim of her parted vaginal
flanges, a narrow trail of warm wetness along the slit of her cunt as she
exposed herself, without shame, to him.

      "You're so lovely... so beautiful!" Mark said, feeling almost like a
little boy.  He tried to restrain himself, though he would have liked nothing
better than to drop on all fours and bury his tongue in that softly pulsating
crevice between her trim, naked thighs.  Kate was hot... more so than she had
ever been, and he was determined that he was going to take full advantage of
her.  He was going to allow himself to be sucked into the whirlpool of her
steeped passion, take his cues from her.  He would never have thought, a year
ago, that she could be like this, but he wasn't going to think about that.
This was his woman, his wife, and he was going to give her the fucking of her
life.

      Kate grinned up at him, measuring his response as she moistened her pink
lips with her pointed tongue, rolling it slowly from side to side.

      Mark stood there for a moment, his long thick cock jutting out from his
hairy loins at an acute angle.  Kate's eyes were zoomed in on it, a wanton
smile creasing her pert little face.  God!  How badly she wanted to feel that
heated hardness sawing up into her demanding cuntal sluice!

      And then her impatience for him got the better of her, and lifted both
her bare arms up and pulled him down onto her, opening her smooth silky thighs
when they fused together, then clamping them tightly around one of his legs.
Mark gasped at the incredible feel of her body, the warmly inviting suppleness
of her flesh, the enticing firmness of her thighs that squeezed him like a
newly awakened teenager.

      As their lips met hotly together, tongues alternately pushing and
pulling, she ground her naked pelvis hard against his loins.  She shivered from
head to toe as her voluptuous softness rubbed maddeningly against the throbbing
ridge of his cock.

      The wet smear from his pulsing cock was streaking against her naked
thigh, but she didn't ease her gentle massaging of his hardened erection. With
the smoothness of her thigh and the firm mound of her pubis, the passionately
aroused young wife ground against him rhythmically, teasingly, stirring an
incredible agony of lustful desire in his loins, filling his swollen testicles
with a seething inferno of bubbling sperm. He was certain that he would burst
apart from the delightful pressure.

      For a moment's pause, he pulled his tongue from the sucking oval of her
lips and snuggled his face along side hers, easing his hand down her side to
fondle the ivory moon of her asscheek.  He squeezed a thick handful of her warm
naked buttocks between his fingers and she responded with a shiver that shook
even his own body as he lay on top of her.  He realized that she was quivering
beneath him, her pelvic mound pressed up against his virile male loins, her
thighs clamped tightly around his leg as she squeezed the firmness of his flesh
against the hot eager lips of her cunt, pushing her hungry pussy shamelessly
against him.

      Kate reached down the length of her husband's muscular back, ran her
fingers over the hard swell of his buttocks, and then shoved her hands between
his legs, squeezing firmly but tenderly the hair-covered sac beneath his turgid
cock.  He moaned at the electric touch of her fingers. "Shit, baby... I really
want you.  I've got to have some of that cunt of yours," he hissed.

      "Uuuuu, and I want you to hurry," she retorted.  She held her arms up to
him again, inviting him, taunting him to come into her, and below her thighs
were splayed out wide to receive him, as her hips ground in tiny impatient
circles under him.

      The madly aroused husband lowered himself down on top of her, his hips
wedging easily into the wide angle of her thighs, his lancing hardness probing
for the tender young flesh of her moist cuntal slit.  The instant his
lust-inflated penis touched her, she shuddered under him with sensual delight,
her whole body quivering with ecstatic anticipation.

      Then he gritted out between his passion clenched teeth, "I'm going to
fuck you hard, Kate... harder than ever... as hard as I can!"

      "Oh Mark, darling, I hope so!  That's what I want you to do so badly. I
want you to fuck me as hard as you can!"

      And she meant it!  Her sexual arousal had reached such an insane level of
desire that she could barely contain herself.  And she could think of no reason
why she should contain herself.  The man on top of her was her husband, and she
wanted his lancing hardness up inside her, pounding into her loins with
masculine power and strength.  She wanted his massive cock to turn her inside
out... to bring her the pleasure she had so recently learned about... the
pleasure she knew she had to give herself up to fully in order to enjoy.  There
was no reason in the world to hold back anything from the man she loved.  Her
entire body was yielding against his masculine firmness her lips once more soft
and moist as they crushed against his.

      He arched away from her as he felt her hand slip between them, her
fingers eagerly closing on the rigid shaft of his cock.  A cry of deliciously
erotic joy escaped her throat as her fingers gripped tightly around the
lust-stiffened length of his penis, and Mark kissed her harder in reply,
probing hungrily with his tongue between her teeth, grinding against her as her
very touch brought a maddening wave of desire to his throbbing loins.

      Then, the head of his cock resting at the hotly hungering mouth of her
cunt, she moaned, "Ooohhh... Mark... please give it to me... now! Shove your
cock all the way into my cunt... and fuck me... fuck me hard!"  She was getting
more desperate with each passion second.  She was an aching, anticipating
cunt... waiting to be fucked... torn asunder and totally fulfilled by the man
she had married.  There was nothing more important in the whole world for her.
Nothing mattered but the delicious sensations slashing through her loins... her
needing, waiting cunt!  Now! She mentally screamed at him!  NOW!

      The wildly aroused wife wriggled forward just a bit, a soft moan on her
lips as the full length of her husband's desire-hardened penis nestled against
her ravenous pussy.  He reached down beneath her with strong arms and cradled
her lush, naked body against him, savored the quivering undulations of her
softness beneath him.

      He maneuvered her unprotected cunt up even tighter against him, dragging
the lust inflated head of his cock back and forth through the moist pink slit
of her pussy, flicking the end of his cock along the taut cuntal slit as it
grew wetter and warmer with every smooth, caressing stroke.  Her whole pelvis
began to rotate desperately, her blood-filled pussy lips nibbling eagerly at
his thick, hard member.  Suddenly, with an anguished cry of ravished
impatience, she snaked her legs up around him, locking them behind his thighs,
pressuring him harder against her writhing nakedness.

      "God!  Now... please... I have to have you in me now!" she whimpered.

      Mark was as eager to feel those warm pussy lips close around his cock as
she was to have it inside her.  Again she grabbed for his aching penis and
pressed it forward into the deep fleshy sheath of her cunt, guiding it through
the fine mist of soft pubic hair into the quivering lips of her burning vagina.
He stopped there for a moment, watching her close her eyes, her lips parting in
a moan of torment.

      He could not wait an instant longer.  Snapping his hips toward her with
all his strength, he rammed his cock home in one joyful thrust that slicked his
rock-hard flesh like a spear into the softly pulsating walls of her seething
pussy.

      "AAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!" she moaned in grateful relief as her warmly
constrictive pussy sheath slipped like a tight, butter-filled glove over the
full length of his cock, the tender cuntal flesh parting before it as the huge
swollen member drove between the now widely stretched pink lips.

      With the smoothness of a well-oiled piston, his great cock smashed into
the hot passage of her vagina, his hotly throbbing head bursting through the
resilient opening and racing unchecked up into her belly.  His lusty penis
plunged far up into the very depths of her cunt, the blood-engorged head
nudging past her cervix to lodge finally up against the far back wall of her
quivering vaginal passage.  His loins smacked loudly into hers, and below, his
sperm-laden balls swung hard up to thud into the smooth hairless crevice
between her nakedly upturned buttocks.

      "Oooooohhhhhh... Goooddd!!!  It's sooooo biiiggg!!" she moaned in her
tormented enchantment.

      Mark grinned widely, seeing that the creation of his wife was now a
moaning, seething sexual machine who could fuck back at him with all her
strength.  He rammed his cock's throbbing head deep inside her, his balls
slapping hard against the fleshy cheeks of her ass as she squirmed to accept as
much of him as she could.

      With inspired vitality now, Mark ground his pelvis slowly into the softly
wriggling feminine flesh under his weight as she pushed back hard against him,
their speeds increasing together.  With rhythmic fluidity, she opened and
tightened her thighs around him with every fucking thrust that he made deep in
her hungrily clasping pussy.  Her mouth opened and her head tossed wildly from
side to side as she quivered and writhed like a fish impaled on a spear.  His
long hard strokes had found their mark, and a hoarse cry punctuated her
incessant moans as the blood-filled tip of his cock slammed against her cervix
at the end of every driving thrust!

      With insane power, Mark began driving his lust-hardened cock in and out
of her, pounding wildly, fucking deeper, always deeper, harder and harder,
never pausing for a moment as he pinned her to the bed, skewering her with his
rigid male-flesh, his massive cock fucking her like some sex-demon.

      Pulling her thighs back hard, the handsome husband mashed them down
tightly against the swelling ripeness of her breasts to completely expose her
pussy to his will.  It gave him the fullest access, allowing him to thrust into
her to the full length of his massively driving hardness.  She was moaning
unceasingly now, her hips grinding up at him in shameless undulations,
countering his pile-driving lunges with the vigor of her supple young flesh.

      Kate was afire with sex... and the fire was fed on the mounting
sensations within her, obliterating all thoughts except those of sensual
ecstasy!  There was only one thing of which she was fully aware... the tight
coupling of their wetly locked genitals.  It was pure heaven... rapture!

      Only vaguely she knew that hands were running the length of her body like
the licking flames of a hearth-log.  His lips were on hers, his tongue probing
her mouth in imitation of the action below.  Now his lips were on the smooth
satiny skin of her breasts, kissing, sucking and biting at her swollen nipples
until she thought they would burst from sheer delight!

      Mark's body covered her, the heated friction of his flesh on hers an
added heightening of sensation as he drove into her.  His strong lean body
strained to bury the heavy rod of his cock up to the very root with every
thundering lunge.

      "Baby... baby... it's sooo... it's so good!  Listen...  Listen," she
stammered, barely able to get the words out.  "Put your finger up my asshole!
Shove it all the way into me... please..."

      Mark grinned.  That had been one of the last things he'd taught her on
their honeymoon.  His hand reached down under her and slid between the
lust-dampened cheeks of her buttocks, his fingers searching the soft flesh as
he probed for her anal orifice.  His middle fingertip suddenly found the
tightly puckered little circle of her rectum, moistened with the rivulet of
cuntal moisture that seeped down from the warm slit above, where his penis was
still fucking into her with long deep thrusts.  He pushed at the tight ring of
muscle, gently at first, then a little harder, feeling it tighten and resist in
quivering spasms of involuntary tensing.

      Another push and his middle finger was sunk to the base inside her rectal
passage, and she was urging him on, not wanting him to think that he was
hurting her too much.  Mark delighted in the fantastic sensation of feeling his
cock tunneling into her through the fleshy membrane that separated the two
passages.  He shoved both finger and cock into her with perfect rhythm, in slow
steady strokes that were driving her insane with delicious desire.

      His cock felt as large as the end of a baseball bat, swollen and
distended beyond belief, yet the soft wet walls of pink flesh held him
securely, the moist edges of her pussy lips sucking him deeper and deeper into
the whirlpool of her passion.  Every inward thrust slammed his cum-inflated
balls against the wide-spread crevice of her buttocks and the palm of his hand
as he shoved yet another finger into her tight rectal opening.  She moaned
lustfully as the two stiffened fingers stretched the delicate ring of her anus,
and her nails bit into his back and left thin streaks of red across his
shoulder blades as she writhed frantically beneath him.  Kate tried to take
every muscular inch of her husband's firm hard body into the ravenously hungry
orifices up between her legs.

      Mark doubted that he could hold back the searing flood of thick hot sperm
that was aching to burst from his testicles as he pumped into his wife faster
now, every thrust taking him to the hidden reaches of her churning belly, every
deep lunging motion bringing another cry of ecstasy from her parted lips.  Her
thighs were gripped around him like a vise, and he knew that she would reach
her climax soon.  She moaned from deep in her throat as he responded with a
plundering assault on her cunt with his skewering cock, matched with a steady
ravishment of her stretched anus with his fingers.

      Her knees were pressed tightly back, nearly doubling her body in half,
her nakedly upturned pussy moist with the flowing juices of her desire.  Her
eyes were closed, her lips parted with an inaudible cry.  She choked the words
finally from her throat.

      "Oooohhh... GOD!  I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!  That's wonderful!  I'm
cumming... cumming... fuck me like that... like that... cumming..."

      Her ankles were behind his shoulders as she ground her buttocks hungrily
upward, lifting them both up bodily from the bed, her whole body writhing with
unbelievable strength, strength drawn from the fathomless well of passion her
husband was tapping.

      The room suddenly echoed with a soul-rending moan that tore from Kate's
lips with all the fury of her passion.  Her body tensed its full
sweat-moistened length, arching high off the bed so that only her shoulders and
heels touched the mattress, as she ground her body upward into his and fused
them together in one lewdly writhing unison.  Her hands locked on the firm
muscular half-moons of his buttocks, pulling him deeper into her belly as she
quivered with the agony of her impending climax.

      "AAAAAAAAAAA GGGGGGGGG HHHHHHHHHHH...!!!"  Her cry trailed off to a
whimper of anguished pleasure, and Mark let go the painful contraction that had
held back the seething torrent of hot liquid cum building up in his
lust-swollen balls.  He felt the current of viscous fluid race along the shaft
of his organ, pause for an instant, then spurt in an unending stream into his
wildly gyrating young wife's quivering belly.  Mark shuddered, then shuddered
again as his balls were emptied of their life giving juices.  He felt her body
loosen as she collapsed in his arms, and then he fell forward onto her, so
weakened that he could not support himself a second longer outstretched over
her still-trembling naked body. She held his naked firm body tight against her
and they lay very still for a long time...

                                  *    *    *

      And then a moaning from her husband brought her to the real world again.
She opened her eyes with a start, feeling as though she had drifted off to
sleep and relived the passionate experience of the night before.
Uuuuuuuuuummmmmm... she could still feel her husband's hard-driving penis
fucking in and out of her cunt.

      Then it dawned on her that it was not her husband's penis she was
feeling, but her own fingers.  While she had been dreaming about the night
before, she had unconsciously moved her hand down along her naked belly.

      Slowly, softly, she removed her finger from her wetly seething pussy and
brought it out from under the blankets to lightly brush her hand over husband's
forehead.

      "Time to wake up, darling," she said in a loving voice.  As his eyes
opened and then reclosed, she made a hasty glance at the clock.  Hardly any
time had elapsed while she had been reliving that wonderful fucking session.
Less than a minute of real time had gone by!

      She smiled as she returned her gaze at her husband, who was making a
valiant effort to wake up.

      "Good morning," she said, looking lovingly into his eyes.

      "Uuuuuuummmm... go' morning," he mumbled.  "What time is it?"

      "About seven thirty."

      As she said that, Mark suddenly snapped into total awakeness.

      "SEVEN THIRTY!" he exclaimed.  "Why the hell aren't you fixing
breakfast?"

      "Ooooohhh... we have plenty of time for that," she said coyly.

      Mark bolted to a sitting position, the blanket dropping from his chest to
reveal the hairy wash of dark hair there.

      "Plenty of time for what?" he said with an icy tone that Kate had never
heard him use before.  "I have to be at work in an hour and a half."

      "You'll make it," she soothed, running her fingers lightly across his
chest.  "I thought you might like to start the day out right."

      Mark ignored her.  Tossing the blanket to one side, he slithered out of
bed and nakedly walked across the room to their closet.

      "I'd love to," he said in a hurried voice, "but I just don't have the
time."

      He wrapped a towel around his waist and walked quickly to the bathroom,
leaving Kate looking bewildered.  He acted almost as though he was afraid of
her touching him.  She remembered that as he had walked across the room, he
didn't have an erection.

      Was it possible that, for the first time since they were married, he
wasn't going to fuck her in the morning?  It certainly looked that way, but
Kate wasn't willing to believe that.  Not yet at least.

      Slipping from her side of the bed, she wrapped a skimpy, sheer bathrobe
around her excited flesh.  As she walked from the bedroom to the bathroom, she
noticed that her pussy lips were moist and sensitive.  Her dreaming had made
her really excited and aroused, and she wasn't going to let her husband get
away with out fucking her... at least not without a fight!

      She stood in the open doorway, watching him covering his face with a
thick coat of shaving lather.

      "Don't just stand there," he said as though he were scolding her like a
child.  "I want something to eat before I go to work.  I have to make a good
impression on them.  The company hired me on good faith, and I don't want to
disappoint them."

      "Why... well... what about me?" Kate asked, trying to keep her voice
under control.  "I'm your wife..."

      "And the honeymoon is over," he interrupted her.  "Have you forgotten
that that trip took just about all our savings?"

      Kate's mouth dropped to the floor and her shoulders slumped.  Mark had
never been so inconsiderate before.  As she stared at him, she saw that his
shaving motions stopped, and he was looking at his reflection in the
steam-covered mirror.

      "Look," he said softly.  "There is nothing I would like better than to
start the day out right.  I really want to fuck you, but the hard cold fact of
the matter is, we aren't in college any more, and we aren't on vacation.  I
have to get to work.  Unless you want to live in a tent somewhere."

      "Don't be ridiculous," Kate snapped.

      "Don't you be ridiculous," he retorted.  "Living in this world costs
money.  The rent on this place is going to be due in another month.  Where are
we going to get the money to pay that?  And the electric bill... and the gas
and the heat..."

      "All right," she snapped, spinning around and walking away from him.
"I'll have your damn breakfast ready."

      Mark started to say something after her, but he thought the better of it.
He wondered if they were about to have their first fight.  He had heard that
things like that were inevitable, but he would like to postpone it for as long
as possible.

      Then he shrugged his shoulders.  Surely she could see that he loved her.
After all, he was willing to put off a little pleasure so he could make ends
meet.  Maybe when she got a job of her own, she would understand.  Hell... by
then they might have enough money so that he could afford to take a morning
off... or at least be a little late.

      As she casually listened to the sound of running water in the bathroom,
Kate went about her task with a seething expression on her face. Her lips were
pursed, and she wanted to break the dishes she was setting out for him.  Not
even the pleasing aroma of frying bacon and eggs and perking coffee made her
feel better.  All she knew was the frustrated tingling in her vagina.  She
poured a cup of coffee for Mark just as he entered the kitchen, fully dressed
and looking as though he was ready to take on the world in his new job.

      "Honey... I'm sorry I snapped at you a while ago," he said, determined
that he would swallow his pride for the sake of his marriage. "You just have to
remember that I feel a little... well... I'm responsible for the two of us.  At
least for a while, and I'm sort of feeling my way."

      "You don't have to explain anything," Kate said in a voice that was so
cold and detached that Mark actually shivered.  "The fucking all mighty dollar
is more important to you than I am."

      "The fucking...  Honey, are you serious?  Because if you really think I
believe that..."

      But Kate wasn't looking at him.  She picked up her own coffee cup and was
staring into it.  Then she turned her body to one side, wondering if Mark was
noticing the way her full, rounded breasts jutted from the sheerness of the
nearly transparent cloth of her robe.  She knew her nipples were hard, and if
Mark was looking at her, there was no way he could not notice that fact.  He
had hurt her, and she wasn't going to let him get away with that.

      "Look at me when I'm talking to you," Mark snapped, feeling himself
losing control.  When she failed to turn and face him, he decided that he would
just go on with what he had to say.  "I think you're being childish about this
whole thing.  There's more to life than fucking, you know.  I have to make a
living.  Jesus!  When I first met you, you didn't even know what a cock looked
like."

      "Oooooohhhhh... are we going to bring that up?" she asked, spinning
around, causing her generous breasts to jiggle slightly, sensuously under the
thinness of her robe.  "Well, buster, you were a pretty good teacher. I was
always ready for you when you wanted to vent yourself.  Damn!  You would think
that you hadn't had a woman your whole life.  You sure had fun the last two
weeks, and now that I want to have a little, you're too busy."

      "We were on a vacation for Christ's sake," Mark said, setting his coffee
cup down so hard that some of the dark fluid spilled over the edge. He pushed
himself away from the table and glowered at his wife.  "I never thought I
wouldn't want to at least eat breakfast with you, but you've totally ruined my
appetite."

      "So you're just going to run away like a frightened little boy.  Go on,
go to your precious job.  Maybe you can have a good laugh about how you married
a virgin... probably the only one left in St. Paul."

      "Honey..."

      "Go on... just get out of here.  And don't worry about all this food
going to waste," she snapped as she stood up and looked directly into his eyes
over the table.  "I'll just store it in the freezer.  That way, we can have
something to eat when you aren't out digging and scratching to make money."

      Mark's jaw worked, as though he were trying to think of something to say.
He thought the better of it, though, and with a flourish, he grabbed his jacket
and walked out the door.  Kate stood at the table glowering at him.  When the
door slammed loudly behind him, she reached for the closest thing she could
find... a salt shaker, and threw it at the door after him.

      She missed the door, and the glass object fell silently onto the carpeted
floor.


                             An Animal-Loving Bride
                                   Chapter 2

      "Wheeeewwwww... will you listen to them!" Martin Delany laughed as he
pressed his ear to the wall of his apartment that was next to the Hutch's
kitchen.  "Sounds like the newly-weds are having a little spat."

      "Uuuuuuuuuuuu..." Niven Mandel moaned from their bedroom.  If there was
anything she hated, it was being awakened by the screaming of other people.
God knows she had had enough of that when she had been living at the Half-Way
house.  Fucking little kids!  They were always crying about something!  At
sixteen, the lovely blonde girl felt that she was well above all the simple
things that the people at the run-away shelter had been trying to teach her.
Arithmetic, reading, history... all those things were all right for the
children, but Niven knew that there was more to life than those fucking books.
Shit... that was why she had run away from home to begin with.

      "Come on, lovey-cunt," Martin said in a cheery voice.  "Let's get that
luscious body out of bed.  Something tells me that there's an adventure ahead
of us."

      Again Niven moaned, but as Martin lit another cigarette, his third of the
morning, he could hear her stirring, and he knew that she would shortly appear
at the kitchen doorway, looking as though she had just gotten out of bed, but
no less lovely for that.

      Martin sat back in his chair and smiled as he heard the door of the next
apartment slam.  Yes... there was an adventure in the making, and if there was
anything Martin liked, it was adventure.  God knows life was fucking boring
enough.

      Martin was a member of that rare breed of man.  Blessed with a powerful
body and a father who had made an incredible killing in the stock market,
Martin had attended four years at Columbia University, graduated fourth from
the top in his class, and then realized that he had been wasting his time.  As
soon as he graduated, his father presented him with some fifty thousand dollars
and told him to spend it as he wanted.

      Martin went right out, bought a car and headed cross-country, stopping
here and there as he chose, living like a king where ever he was and when he
got tired, moving on.

      He had been doing that for almost a year now, and he enjoyed the thrill
of coming into a new place, meeting new people and interweaving his life with
theirs.  He had gotten the idea from a television show, and he knew he was
lucky in being able to afford living like that.  He hadn't had a job since he
was a freshman in college, and he wasn't bothered a bit by that fact.  He loved
the freedom of being able to just come as he pleased, live like he wanted and
leave when he felt like it.

      When he had come to St. Paul a little less than a month ago, he had been
wandering around one of the poorer sections of the city... the type of place he
had come to know would have women like Niven... eager to get out of what ever
trap they were in.  He'd met her at her job, provided to her by the halfway
house, and they hit it off.  Niven's eyes sparkled when he told her what he had
been doing, and she decided that she would do as he asked her, which was to
take an apartment in one of the nicer sections of the city and see what
happened.  God knew she was pretty unhappy at her agency, and with nothing to
lose, the two signed a one year lease at a rather nice, if small, apartment.

      Taking a deep drag on his cigarette, Martin had to smile as he remembered
signing on as husband and wife.  If there was anything about Niven, it was that
she didn't look sixteen.  The reasonably hard life she had been living since
she'd run away from home had given her a mature, if kinky, outlook on life.
The landlord really believed Martin's con-job that he and Niven were newly-weds
just starting out, and had even made the comment that they were living right
next to the two other newly-weds... or would be when they returned from their
honeymoon.

      Yes, thought Martin, butting his smoke, things just had a way of always
working out.  Having money was sure nice, and knowing how to use it was even
nicer.  He'd been getting just a little tired of moving around so often, and he
decided that he would stay in St. Paul... at least for a couple of months.  It
was time to start taking stock and make plans.  Or at least rest some.

      And if there was anything that could keep him in St. Paul for a little
while longer, it was the argument he had just heard between Mark and Kate.  He
could smell adventure in the air, and Martin had no greater love than
adventure!

      A faint animal whine and a furry brushing against his leg interrupted his
thoughts, and he looked down to see Siegfried looking up at him. Hell, he had
known Niven was more wanton than most of the women he had been with in his
travels, but until she had demanded that he get her a German shepherd, he
really hadn't known how wanton.  She'd explained to him that one of the ladies
that ran the house had kept a dog, and Niven had quickly discovered why.  That
lady's dog was the best little fucker Niven had ever known, though the young
blonde girl really hadn't known all that many, and she demanded that Martin buy
her one... just to keep her happy when Martin wasn't around, she had explained.
Martin didn't give a shit.  He'd seen worse things in his travels, and he never
seemed to tire of watching Niven and Siegfried go at it.  The thing she had for
that dog was something Martin had only heard about in whispers, and he was glad
to be seeing something like it first hand.

      "Well, Siegfried, ol' boy," Martin said, patting the great dog between
his ears.  "You look a trifle hungry."

      Siegfried and Martin got along rather well, and at the sound of Martin's
soothing voice, the huge dog began to prance about.  Sighing, remembering that
it was really Niven's job to feed Siegfried, Martin nevertheless stood up to
take care of him.  But the dog didn't appear to be interested in food, and once
Martin was out of his shallow, dream-like thoughts, he could see why.  While he
had been dwelling on his past, Niven had gotten out of bed.

      She stood in the doorway of the kitchen, completely naked, her hair
slightly tangled and falling over her pert little face.

      Martin sucked in his breath.  Even though he and Niven had been living
together for nearly a month, he never tired of seeing her ripe nakedness.  At
sixteen, she was already fully developed, and he could sense that she would
only get better as she grew older.  Her honey-blonde hair fell gracefully to
her shoulders, even tangled looking lush and full. Her eyes were the color of
an untainted Minnesota lake, and her skin was the color of pure cream.  Her
short pert nose had a slight upturn, giving her an aristocratic appearance, and
her mouth, though small, was well formed with lush, full lips.  Her shoulders
were completely feminine, rounded, soft and gently sloping.  Her breasts were
firm, hard and fully rounded, thrusting from her delicate chest like two fleshy
mountains topped with bright red cherries, constantly distended with passion
and lust.  The spheres were widely spaced, and large enough for Martin to fuck
his huge, hard cock between them when he wanted.  Her belly, flat and flawless,
followed the ripe swell of her slim, though rounded hips, forming an hour-glass
just above her ass-cheeks.

      But what Martin loved the most was the perfect triangle of her cuntal
hair, as golden and thick as the hair on her head, the inverted rounded tip
pointing directly to her seething, always-ready cuntal lips.  As he stared at
her standing in the doorway, he felt his cock give a little lurch.  Shit!  He
knew there wouldn't be any argument between them about fucking this morning.
Niven was ready, eager and willing to fuck whenever Martin said the word...
which was quite often.  Sometimes ten times a day.

      "Uuuuuuuummmmmmm... I thought you were going to sleep late this morning,"
she said in a still sleepy voice as she nakedly walked into the kitchen and
poured herself a cup of coffee.  Of all the women Martin had spent any time
with, Niven had to be the most totally unabashed.  She took a deep thrill just
from being naked with him, as though she could sense that with him, she was
totally safe.  He knew she had gone through some pretty rough times, and her
nakedness, while sensual, also meant that she trusted him.  Martin liked that.

      "Uuhh... I was," he stammered, finding her nakedness rather distracting.
Again his cock spasmed in his pants.  He'd give her a little time to wake up
before he fucked her though.  They'd had quite a session last night, and she
was obviously not quite recovered from it.  A cup of coffee, a little
conversation, and she would be ready to go.  "But that little spat next door
woke me up too."

      He lit another cigarette and rested his head in his hands, staring long
and hard at the sensually swelling mounds of her completely unfettered breasts,
already shimmering with mounting passion as she became more and more awake.

      "What the fuck's the matter with them anyway?" Niven asked.  "Shit... it
sounded like he didn't want to fuck his wife."

      "That's exactly what it was all about," Martin answered.  "He didn't
think there was enough time.  Something about how he had to get to his new
job."

      "I've never heard of a man who doesn't want to fuck his wife as often as
he can," Niven commented thoughtfully.

      "There are men like that," Martin told her.  "I've seen them.  Some guy
has a real nice piece of ass and all he wants to do is look at her."

      "I can't imagine anything better than fucking," Niven said in a voice
that let Martin know she was becoming more and more awake.

      "And neither can Kate," he said.  "That young wife wants her husband's
cock so bad she can taste it.  You were trying to get back to sleep, but I was
listening to them.  She was so pissed at him for not fucking her that she threw
something at him."

      "Nice way to begin a marriage."

      "Yeah... and a better way to end one."

      "Well... we don't have to worry about them.  They have their life to
live, and we have ours."

      "That's right, and starting real soon, our life and theirs are going to
mesh."

      "Huh?"

      "We're going to help them."

      "Are you kidding?" Niven asked, leaning back and looking at him as though
she couldn't believe what he had said.  For a moment, Martin was totally
distracted by a full view of her naked body as she sat.  There was no denying
the fact... Niven carried herself naked the same way she did with clothes on.
She was acting so naturally that Martin would have believed her if she told him
she didn't know she was naked.  He gathered his thoughts and resumed his
conversation, feeling his cock expand in his pants all the more.

      "No, I meant it.  You and I are going to help them."

      "Why?  It's none of our business.  They made their bed.  I say let them
sleep in it."

      "Come on, Niven," Martin said in a voice that was somewhat scolding. "If
I wanted to forget about other people, I would have stayed in my parents' pad
in New York... and I would have left you at the half-way house."

      He could see the reaction of his words right away on Niven's lovely face.
At first she had been hurt, but she could see, after a little thought, what he
was saying.

      "You of all people should be able to understand that," he continued.
"Here's a chance for you to actually do something.  I think this is just the
thing you need.  Something to give your life worth."

      "Your cock is all I need to give my life worth," she said, lowering her
head teasingly and smiling at him.  For a moment, Martin thought his words had
fallen on deaf ears, but as he looked at her, he realized that this was just
her way of telling him she understood.  Then she gave a little wink.  "Have you
got something in mind?"

      "Hummmmmmm... aside from fucking you, no.  But I like to do my thinking
after my mind's been cleared.  And right now, the only way to do that is to
fuck you hard and deep.  Me and Siegfried both.  Something might come to me."

      Niven smiled over the top of her coffee cup as she noticed that Martin's
eyes were roaming over her lush nakedness, stopping here and there, but
lingering long and hard on the generous swell of her fully rounded breasts.
She knew he loved her breasts almost as much as he loved her cunt.  She could
still remember the first time he had planted the full length of his massive
cock in the soft sensual valley they formed, stroking back and forth until his
scalding semen spilled out from the bulbous, mushroom-shaped head, forming a
warm, friendly pool between her chin and her pliant globes.  It had been an
experience she never thought she would enjoy as much as she had.  She could
actually see, as well as feel, his cock exploding his love-juice, and while he
had used both his hands to push her breasts tightly together, sandwiching his
penis, she had fingered her seething pussy, orgasming at the same time as
Martin had.  It was things like that... Martin's ability to deviate from what
people considered normal, that really excited Niven.

      "You got something special in mind about fucking me?" she asked,
finishing her coffee and slowly coming to a standing position.

      Martin regarded her for a long moment letting his eyes roam freely over
her shamelessly exposed body.  When he let them focus on the golden triangle of
her pussy, already glistening slightly with her mounting sexual excitement, he
smiled, picturing in his mind what he was going to do.

      "Yeah... I got a little something I think you might like," he said,
coming around from his side of the table.

      Dropping slowly to his knees, he began to lick the warm smooth flesh of
her inner thighs, starting near her knees, and moving slowly upward toward the
pink; curl-framed lips of her rapidly moistening cunt.

      His coal-black eyes glittered lustfully as they fixed on the narrow pink
slit where a tiny dew drop of moisture glistened from the lovely Niven's eager
passionate response.  Reaching the already quivering lips of her vagina, the
lusting young wanderer flicked out his warm tongue tip, licking the pungent
nectar from Niven's palpitating pussy.  Then he slid his tongue into the depths
of the moist valley between Niven's thighs, lightly tracing the thin coral line
separating the vaginal lips upward to the swelling bud of her pink clitoris,
grinning knowingly as he heard the young blonde girl gasp with her rapidly
mounting excitement.

      "Uuuuuuuummmmmmm... I love the way you lick my cunt," she said, her voice
dreamy and languid.

      With his thumbs, the crouching black-haired young man spread apart the
moistly clinging flesh of Niven's pussy lips, until the tiny throbbing clitoris
was completely exposed to his view.  He dipped his face forward and eagerly
began to suck on the sensitive area as the lovely young girl swayed back and
forth and sighed in growing abandon.  Martin pressed her backwards toward her
chair while Siegfried, aware that something wonderful was going to happen, sat
patiently, his ears perked for the command he had been trained to wait for.

      Niven was already feeling sensually giddy.  She felt so much more grown
up when Martin made love to her, and when her knees caught on the edge of the
chair, she collapsed limply back on the seat.  She allowed the passionate
sensations to sweep through her, and she was only vaguely aware of Martin's
strong, caressing hands pressing her beautifully shaped legs up and back,
pushing them until her knees were pressed against her breasts.  She lifted her
head to watch, her mind reeling with the storm of lust sweeping through her, as
Martin deliberately buried his handsome face into her upturned loins to lick
and suck at her moist hot cunt with lascivious fury and hunger.

      Martin's own cock was getting harder and more painfully swollen, but he
tried not to think about it.  He loved licking pussy, and he liked sucking at
Niven's cunt more than any other he had found.  There was something about this
young wanton that fate had provided him that excited him more than he would
have thought possible.  She was certainly as eager to learn all about life as
he was!

      As Martin's pleasure-giving tongue darted out, slicing up through her
straining throbbing cunt like a knife through soft butter, Niven surrendered to
the shocks of pleasure rippling delightfully through her body.  She moaned
softly, delighting in the sensations his tongue was sparking in her vagina, and
she opened her eyes just enough to see Siegfried sitting impatiently beside
Martin, eagerly looking at her seething vagina, waiting for his turn to mount
her.  It was all she could do not to beg Martin to allow the wonderful dog to
fuck her then and there, but she knew that if she allowed Martin to move at his
own speed, she would derive still more pleasure than if she allowed her whims
to carry her.

      Her rational thought began slipping quickly from her mind as her body
responded more and more to the skillful tonguing she was receiving. Martin's
oral manipulations of her sex-inflamed, quivering vagina were beginning to
drive her insane.  Her cream-white flanks began jerking forward, burying
Martin's flicking tongue in her up to its roots.

      Nothing mattered to her by this point... nothing but the reality of the
probing tongue that crept so sensually up into her hot steaming vaginal furrow.
Her soft smooth buttocks began to squirm desperately in the seat of the chair
as the searing hot lashes of passion licked maddeningly at her nakedly
quivering body.  Arching her back wildly, she thrust her pelvis upward,
frantically grinding her seething wet cunt up tightly into Martin's face.  She
writhed her trembling ass in tight frenzied circles, struggling for the release
that was now so close.

      But then, suddenly, Martin stopped his wonderful licking motions and
raised his head with difficulty from between the vice-like grip of Niven's
thighs.

      "Oooohhh... GOD!  Why'd you stop?  I was just about to cum... Don't stop
licking my cunt... don't stop..."

      She opened her eyes and looked at her lover with a frustration-contorted
face.

      "Don't worry," Martin said, coming to a standing position.  "That was
just a little warm up... something to make sure that you really like what's
going to happen to you next."

      He reached down and pulled her up from the chair.  Her lust-weakened body
was like a rag doll, and she swayed dizzily as she gained her footing on the
floor.  For a moment, she was totally confused, but her lust-glazed eyes
brightened as she watched him open his jeans and pull them down off his body,
revealing the massive expanse of his fully erect penis, throbbing and pulsing
with the excitement he had brought upon himself with his cunt licking.  Her
mouth dropped open at the sight of the thing, and suddenly her mouth was
watering.  It was huge and thick and so delicious looking.  She had only a
hazzy idea of what he was going to do, but as long as it involved that
wonderful-looking penis, she was all set.

      Martin placed his hands on the softness of her shoulders and spun her
around.  Then he took her seat on the chair and opened his muscular, hairy
thighs, spreading them as far apart as he could.  "Now... suppose you get down
and suck this cock of mine.  Siegfried will take care of that pussy for you."

      Not thinking of anything else but the fiery passion that was blazing like
a forest fire in her loins, Niven did as she was asked, scrambling down on her
hands and knees with her head positioned between her lover's thighs.  Martin's
incredible tonguing of her anxious pussy had completely destroyed her thought
process, and she wanted nothing but the quelling of passion ripping through her
itching, burning cunt like a hot wind.  She sighed and quivered in rapture as
she stared hungrily at the impossibly huge rod of lust-hardened flesh that rose
like a tree from Martin's dark pubic thatch.  She had sucked his penis several
times before, but this time it looked so large... so mammoth.
Uuuuuuuuummmmmmm... the whole length of his cock was mapped with blue pulsing
veins.  She mumbled in her hunger and poised her head so that her lips were
barely touching the bulbous, blunt end of his visibly throbbing penis.  Now it
was her turn to tease him!

      "Come on... that cunt licking I gave you really filled my balls with a
shit-load of cum.  I'm gonna flood your belly..."

      "Ssssshhhhh..." she said.  She bent her face just a little lower, letting
her lips finally touch the shining, rubbery head.  She pursed her lips ever so
slightly, planting a light, lust-provoking kiss on the slit at the head of the
glans, and she smiled when Martin shuddered and stiffened his entire body.  She
knew she was really getting to him.  She felt his hands automatically come up
to grip the sides of her face, his fingers tangling in her long, thick blonde
hair.  Smiling to herself, she used one hand to skin back the loose foreskin of
his penis, fully exposing the swollen head.  She stared at it, as though its
majesty hypnotized her.

      Then, she ovalled her lips and took as much of his cock into her mouth as
she could, pulling up on the throbbing shaft as she lowered her head.  She
nearly choked as, in her haste, she pressed the head of his penis against the
back of her throat.  The full length of the towering rod of flesh disappeared
into her ovalled mouth all the way to the hilt, causing Martin to moan out in
his surprised bliss.

      It took the powerful young man a second or two, but he managed to regain
control over himself, and he began fucking his long thick cock in and out of
Niven's thin-stretched lips, always leaving the hot swollen tip half an inch
inside her mouth as he began to guide her head with his fingers wrapped tightly
in her hair.

      Not that he needed to give her any help.  Niven loved sucking his penis
almost as much as she loved having it fucking up into her cunt, and she moaned
passionately as he speeded up his deep, inward thrusts.  His heavy, cum-swollen
balls swung up and slapped against her chin, the thick, coarse fuzz covering
them tickling like a light airy feather, and she fought to keep her breath,
catching small gulps of air on each outstroke.

      Martin gleefully watched the puffing out of her cheeks beneath him as her
head bobbed on the end of his skewering penis.  He knew that she loved doing
this to him.  His grin widened with each deep thrust he made into her willing
face, and her moan of arousal drove him on to even deeper fucking motions.

      Then he heard Siegfried whine, and for a moment, his attention was
arrested.  Hell... there was no reason why the dog shouldn't be getting his
jollys as well.

      "All right, Siegfried... fuck her.  I think she's about ready for your
cock!"

      Both Niven and the massive dog stiffened at the words, and Siegfried
hurried to claim his reward of patience.  For a moment, Niven removed her mouth
from her boy-friend's cock as she waited for her wonderful dog to mount her.
She shivered sensually as she felt his cold wet nose brush exploringly up
against her tingling cuntal lips, and she waggled her rounded buttocks
invitingly back toward Siegfried's huge furry head to meet the long pink tongue
that suddenly snaked out and licked wetly up and down in the valley between her
ivory white, upthrust ass-cheeks. Uuuuuuuummmmmmm...  Again she felt the long
length of hot wet flesh touch her and she felt him beginning to lap greedily at
the opened tight fissure between her wide-spread thighs.  He ran his tongue
wetly through her sex-drenched loins, from the tip of her puckered little anus
up over the fluted edges of her vaginal opening, sometimes reaching below to
the tiny jerking bud of her clitoris.  His skillful thick tongue cut moistly
through the soft, sparsely fleeced pussy lips like a keen blade.  It laved
relentlessly between her quivering thighs, pausing occasionally to dart and
plunge deeply into her.

      Niven knew that this was definitely the proper way to start the day, and
if that ass-hole next door was too simple-minded to understand that, than he
deserved the worst that could happen to him.  Damn!  He was actually punishing
his wife by leaving her alone like that... just running out of the house
without fucking her when she wanted him to.  If Martin ever did something like
that...

      But suddenly all coherent thought faded in a blinding flash of excitement
as Siegfried's ceaselessly exploring tongue shot out and up into the moist
channel of her naked cunt, deeper than any human tongue... even Martin's...
could possibly go!  As her whole body tensed and quivered wildly from the
glorious sensation, she sucked harder on the huge fleshy penis in her mouth,
reaching up with one hand to cradle the sperm-heavy testicles that slapped
against her saliva-coated chin.

      Martin sat back, feeling completely at ease as Niven began to put her
heart and soul into the sucking of his cock, running her pink tongue around and
around the swollen head, flicking her tongue-tip inquisitively into the tiny
open slit of the moist cock-head to taste the sweet lubricating fluids that
were oozing out there.  As Siegfried's thick wet tongue lashed teasingly up
through the open furrow of her tight wet cunt all the way to her clenching
rectum, Niven knew that she was fast losing all her reason.  She began to lick
and suck madly like a demon at the thick, hardened shaft imbedded in her mouth,
her lips slimy from the mixture of his pre-cum and her saliva.  The thin
tensile rim of her mouth clung to his shaft as though held there by some unseen
force as he fucked with long deep strokes.  The mere thought of his huge cock
in her mouth suddenly exploding, squirting its white, thick sperm into her
throat had already begun to make her wild with anticipation.

      Then suddenly, she heard Martin's passion-rasped voice command, "Fuck,
Siegfried.  Let's fuck her together!"

      Again, both Niven and the powerful dog shivered with ecstasy.  The three
of them had become a team... like three perfectly working parts of a machine.
Niven loved the thought of being fucked from behind by her amazing dog while
she sucked and slavered on the cock of her lover.  She felt the great animal
move forward at the command.

      Immediately the huge German shepherd raised up on his hindlegs, mounting
Niven with his forepaws wrapped around her full, undulating hips. His powerful
hindquarters moved in close between her soft, spread thighs, at the same time
shoving forward with his long tapering cock.

      Niven jerked forward as a reflex, and sensing that she would, Martin
thrust up again, impaling her mouth deeper on his tremendously hard cock. She
gagged slightly at the choking entry, struggling to keep her breath. It came as
a great rasping sound as she sucked in a gulp of air from the sensation of her
loving dog's scarlet penis jabbing out from its furry sheath and slipping wetly
into the hot damp slit of her inflamed pussy lips.  Niven groaned blissfully as
she realized that she had to have as much cock as possible.  She wanted the
totality of Martin's penis in her mouth, while at that same time taking as much
of Siegfried's long, beveled penis into the seething chamber of her cunt as she
could.  Knowing that her dog would need help, she reached behind her and
circled her fingers down through her wide-spread, ivory-fleshed thighs to grasp
the slippery length of the rigid animal cock.

      Siegfried half growled and half whimpered as her fingers gripped on the
throbbing length of his flesh, trying desperately to place the pointed red tip
at the mouth of her passion-saturated vaginal opening.  In her bewildered,
passion-distorted daze, she didn't know if she would be successful or not until
the great beast shot up into her steaming passage, his muscular rump driving
forward in rapid, jack-hammer thrusts, spreading her moist, burning pussy open
wider and wider with every jolting lunge he made into her.

      "Uuuuuuuhhhhhh... uuuuuuummmmm... uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmm...!" Niven
moaned sensually around the big fleshy cock fucking ceaselessly into her mouth
as she felt her naked cunt being filled by the long, hard dog penis spearing
into the depths of her belly.  She could feel her beloved dog's silky hair
brushing lightly against her writhing, milky white buttocks as he pistoned his
enormous tapered shaft into her tightly contracting cunt.  She was impaled to
the fullest on the German shepherd's wonderful animal-cock and her mouth was
filled completely by her lover's immense human penis.

      Martin looked down, savoring the sight of his towering thickly veined
shaft buried in his beautiful lover's lust-contorted face.  He felt the young
girl's hands greedily massaging the skin of his balls as she sucked
rhythmically up and down the rock-hard flesh of his cock all the way from the
smooth rubbery head to the velvety flesh at its thick base.  Her whole supple
satiny body quivered from the powerful jolts of Siegfried's plunging cock
smashing into her tight clinging cunt from behind.  At the same time, the warm
softness of her tongue twirled maddeningly over Martin's throbbing cock-head at
the apex of each withdrawal.  He flexed his buttocks fiendishly up and down,
following his every movement while she simultaneously worked her naked globular
buttocks in little gyrating circles to match the machine-like hammering of the
dog's still swelling cock up inside her seething vagina.

      Niven was a writhing mass of sweating, lust-deranged female flesh that
begged to have the cocks in her fill her to the brim with their sperm.  She
ground her buttocks hard back against Siegfried's hairy battering body and felt
the tiny rivulets of moisture building up in the crevice between her
ass-cheeks, trailing down the backs of her straining white thighs while the
mounting pressure in her belly and loins signaled that her rising climax was
close to exploding throughout her sharpened nerves.

      Oh God!  She inwardly moaned, relishing every deep fuck of the two rigid
cocks in her stretched mouth and cunt.  This was heaven.  This had to be
heaven, to be getting all the cock she could handle.  Her whole life had been
empty and hollow before she had bumped into Martin and started living with him.
Even though she had been fucked by two men before this, neither one of them had
allowed her to be totally free... and it was that freedom that made this
fucking all the more enjoyable.  God only knew how long it would last, but she
was going to make the most of it while she had it.

      She closed her eyes in utter abandon as Martin and Siegfried pressured
her back and forth between them, using her willing, lust-weakened body an
exciting receptacle into which they would pump their hot, sticky sperm.  Her
mind began to whirl in a maze of delicious blending colors, flashing on and off
with the galvanic shocks that were jolting like lightening through her lush
white body to the very center of her being.  Siegfried's tongue hung loosely
from his mouth as he pounded into her waving buttocks, and saliva dribbled from
his long, narrow mouth onto the light film of sweat coating her arching back.

      Martin heard his own strangling noises forcing their way up from his
lungs through the lust-constricted passage of his throat.  Shit!  He was going
to cum!  He didn't want to.  He wanted to hold back the scalding flood of his
semen as long as he could, but there is a point beyond which no human can
endure, and Martin had reached it.  His body strained to bury the pulsing rod
of his penis deep into the hot narrow throat of his girlfriend!

      "Oooohhh... suck it!  Suck it, Niven!  I'm cumming!" he rasped down at
her as his hips jerked up tightly into her face.  His fingers, completely
devoid of his control as waves of passion spilled over him, tangled tightly in
her hair, pressing her head down harder onto his long, thick penis'.

      Niven fought frantically for breath as the creamy hot fluid suddenly
flowed into the warm wet interior of her desperately sucking mouth, rushing
into her throat like a river of boiling water.  Her cheeks expanded like a
balloon as she gulped on the nectar washing into her, determined that she would
swallow every precious drop.  As she sucked and swallowed in lust-crazed
hunger, she fastened her lips like a tight elastic ring around the jerking
penis, fearful that she would lose some of the fluid pumping into her.  It was
no use, though.  Some thin white droplets dribbled from the corners of her lips
as his slowly deflating penis oozed from between her still-sucking lips.  Thin
viscous strings of cum hanging from her moist chin connected her with the long
limp organ as Martin's sinewy hips collapsed back on the chair.

      As her lover's hands managed to untangle themselves from her hair,
Niven's trembling shoulders dropped to the floor so that her firm sleek
buttocks were sticking even higher into the air.  The great rutting animal
behind her could now fuck her at will.  She felt completely adrift in her
mounting passion, and nothing mattered to her at all, save the great animal
penis hammering and fucking her from behind, filling her cunt to near-bursting.
She ground her blazing loins back mindlessly against Siegfried's
forward-jerking flanks as she felt the scarlet pointed cock throb into a
hugeness that could only mean one thing.

      He was going to cum!

      She suddenly felt her pale thighs and buttocks being swept wider apart in
one last crushing lunge as the dog's powerful haunches smashed against her
up-thrust ass-cheeks, shoving his cock's fully expanded length up into her
wide-stretched cunt.  In her mind, she could see it sinking still deeper into
the pink gaping mouth of her clasping pussy from behind, a relentless steaming
shaft of glistening red flesh tunneling ceaselessly into her.  She felt the
great beast's furry forepaws tightening around her heaving ribs and his body
jerking convulsively over her arching back. Then Niven screamed, gasping
confused incoherent sounds that blended with the dog's panting whines as she
felt the first hot waves of scalding dog-sperm spewing into the deepest reaches
of her vagina.

      "Oooohhh... oh... oh... oh... GOD!  Fuck me!  FUCK MEEEEEE!!
AAMAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH...  Fill me with your beautiful dog-cum!" she screamed in
her delirious excitement.

      Feeling some of his strength return, Martin inched a little closer to get
a better look at the thick animal semen that was oozing from the wide-spread
lips of his girl-friend's cuntal lips, running in rivulets down the ivory
columns of her soft, inner thighs.  He saw her mouth pop open in a muffled
scream as she began to toss her head wildly from side to side, her long blonde
hair flailing and whipping around her shoulders as Siegfried fucked hard into
her waving ass from behind.  Every muscle in her body contracted as she rose up
and nearly fell to the side in a near epileptic attack of quivering.  Her tiny
hairless asshole clenched and relaxed in sympathetic spasms with the dog's
lunging, squirting cock.

      Her smooth ivory backside gleamed in the lights of the room as the great
beast's cock began to deflate and gradually lost its strength, finally slipping
out of her with a wet slurping sound.

      Niven lay motionless on the floor, too weary to even lift her head. The
panting coming from between her half-parted lips was the only sound in the
kitchen, and as Martin watched her struggling to catch her breath, a thought
implanted itself in his mind... and once planted, would not leave it.  To be
sure, it was only the germ of an idea, and it would need a little working on,
but in his imaginative, free-thinking mind, he could see it taking shape.

      "Uuuuuuummmmm... oooooohhhhh... that was wonderful, lover," Niven cooed,
when she finally found enough strength to say something.

      "Yeah... wonderful," Martin said, his voice revealing that he was lost in
thought.

      "Something the matter, love?" Niven asked, afraid that Martin was
thinking about leaving her.  She hadn't realized it until just this moment, but
she could feel herself becoming very dependent on him.  He had shown her a way
of living that she had never thought she would ever be able to find, and while
she knew that the time would come when he would be moving on, she wanted to put
off that time as long as possible.

      "Matter...? ohhh... I was just thinking about the people next door."

      "Still?  You're really serious about helping them, aren't you?"

      "You bet those nice tits of yours I am.  And I have just the thing. I
haven't thought the whole thing through yet?  but it will involve Siegfried...
and you."

      "Me?" Niven had never thought that she would be included in anything like
this, and she was a little afraid that she was being called upon to do
something that would be beyond her abilities.  She knew that she didn't have
the imagination Martin had.  He had been to college... he had seen so many
things.  There were times when she felt pretty stupid when he talked to her.
Not that he said anything that made her feel that way.  It was just her own
feelings of insecurity.

      "That's right," Martin said, coming to a standing position.  "Like I say,
I'm not sure about the details, and I need just a little more information.
We'll listen to them tonight and see what's coming off with them."

      He pulled up his pants and turned around so that he was facing the
kitchen table.

      "You know... I'm hungry.  Suppose you cover that luscious body and fix me
something to eat."

      Niven gave him a little smile, then scurried into the bedroom, followed
by Siegfried.  Martin watched her, his face twisted with deep thought.  The
more he rolled over his idea in his head, the more he liked it, and he could
see a far-reaching conclusion that he hadn't thought about it before.  He would
be helping a young married couple, and he would be having a lot of fun doing
it.  The mere thought of getting into Kate's pussy caused his penis to spasm.
He didn't know what she looked like, but from the sound of her voice, she was
really pretty.  And she liked to fuck.  Put those two things together and
having fun is a foregone conclusion.

      But he would also be helping Niven.  He could tell that she needed
something, and while he liked having her take care of his cock, he knew that he
would not want to be hanging around for very much longer.  Already he was
getting just a little tired of staying in the same place for this long.  He
could smell the aroma of change in the wind.  He wanted to move on.  He
listened to the pleasing voice of Niven as she talked to Siegfried.  She was
really a nice kid.  She'd told him about how her mother used to beat her... how
her father used to just stand there and watch... how she had run away and
picked up her education on the streets. Despite that, she was quite sensitive,
though she would surely laugh at him if he told her that.  She liked to think
of herself as totally self-sufficient.

      That was a laugh.  Martin could see that she was taking a great deal for
granted... and that one of those things, that he would always be around, just
wasn't true.

      No... he would help her as well.  If things worked out the way he thought
they might, everyone would be smiling in a couple of days.

      "Who would have thought I'd ever turn out to be a fucking romantic," he
said softly.  Then he laughed.  He began feeling like the Lone Ranger, and that
made him feel very, very good.


                             An Animal-Loving Bride
                                   Chapter 3

      "And that's about what we do here... and what we'll be expecting of you,
Mark my man."

      Mark listened with only half a mind to his boss, J.R. Williams.  The
middle-aged, nearly bald, slightly paunchy man had been droning on all day
about this and that, fully expecting Mark to listen to every word.  In the
beginning, when Mark had first gotten to the office, he had made every attempt
to be attentive.  The fight he had had with his wife had bothered him all the
way to work, and he knew that if he could just get it out of his mind and
forget about what had been said, everything would be all right.  It was pretty
foolish of him, he could see now.  After all, he had come to the office just a
little early, hoping that he would make a good impression, and J.R. hadn't even
bothered to come in until after ten.  He could have fucked his wife several
times!

      While he had been waiting to be "shown the ropes," he ran through several
conversations in his mind, and had come to the conclusion that he should call
his wife and apologize.  He didn't think that he was in the wrong, but he
believed that his marriage was at stake, and what was a little pride where your
marriage is concerned.  He'd started dialing when J.R. had finally come in,
and, still wanting to make a good impression, he hung up right away.

      Things went down hill from there.  J.R. was an old windbag. The most
powerful man in the company, to be sure, but Mark found that the man used a
full paragraph where one word would do.  Mark learned, and quickly, that if he
listened to just the beginnings of what J.R. was saying, he could get the full
gist of everything.  Still, good manners dictated that he at least pretend that
he heard everything, and J.R. was so lost in his own explanations of the
workings of the company that he rarely asked Mark anything.  Just keeping up a
front of attention was taxing.  Mark wished that it were the next day.  Getting
to his job without having to put up with J.R. would be sheer bliss.

      By the end of the day, Mark was shot.  He and J.R. were finishing the
last of their drinks in the lounge across from the company building.  J.R. was
being buoyant and happy, making little jokes that Mark felt called upon to
laugh at.

      "You know... I'm really impressed with your college record," J.R. said,
for the umpteenth time.  Mark was getting more than a little tired of putting
on the humble act.

      "I was just doing the best I could," he said, forcing a smile.

      "I like a man who does the best he can," J.R. said for the umpteenth
time.

      "Thank you sir." Mark looked around at the lounge wall clock.  He hadn't
called Kate like he'd wanted, and he could see now that he was going to be late
for dinner.  Kate was going to be pissed, that was for sure.  And after what
had happened this morning...

      "I think you're going to fit in the company really well," J.R. said for
the umpteenth time.  Mark decided that he had had enough.

      "Uh... excuse me sir, but I really should be getting home," he braved.

      "Home?  Ooooohhh... the little lady doesn't like it when you're late,
huh?  How long you been married, son?"

      "About... a little less than a month."

      "Ooooooohhh... well, we wouldn't want to get things off on the wrong
foot, now would we.  Come on.  I'll drive you home."

      "Oh, you don't have to bother, J.R."

      "No bother at all... and call me James."  He gave Mark a little wink, and
the young husband could feel his heart sink.  He wanted to get away from his
boss as soon as he could, and the thought of being stuck in rush-hour traffic
with him really didn't appeal to Mark one bit.  But how could he refuse?  J.R.
was his boss.

      Even though J.R. wasn't exactly drunk, he was just enough under the
influence for him to take some rather unnecessary chances.  Mark could consider
it a minor miracle if nothing happened to them on the way home. J.R. seemed
more intent on learning about Mark's private life than he did about the
traffic.

      "Picked yourself a good little piece of ass, I hope," J.R. said rather
crudely.

      "Kate?  Uh... yes.  Yes, she's quite pretty."

      "Thought so.  A man like you would have a wife that could really help him
rise to the top... and fast."

      "I... I'm not sure I understand," Mark said, not really wanting to get
into it.

      "Well, Maggie and me... Maggie's my missus... we like to think that we're
still young.  You know the old saying.  You're as young as you feel."

      "Yes sir."

      "We like to have parties at the office.  A lot of wives like to attend.
Things can get pretty exciting, if you know what I mean."

      At first, Mark didn't know what he meant, but as he tried to think of
what he would say to his wife, it dawned on him what J.R. was talking about.
There was a short moment of silence, and then J.R.'s slightly slurred voice
broke it.

      "Yeah... a lot of young men just starting out find that the climb to the
top is a lot easier if their wives... uh... like to play ball?"

      Mark's first reaction was one of livid rage.  The man was all but coming
out and demanding that he let him fuck his wife.  Shit.  If it weren't really
happening to him, he would think the whole thing was laughable.  As a matter of
fact, it was almost laughable.  The very thought of Kate allowing another man
between her legs was beyond Mark's comprehension.  He couldn't help himself.
He smiled, and the reaction was picked up by his boss.

      "Something funny, son?" J.R. asked in a rather stern voice.

      "Ooohhh... no sir.  Not really.  It's just that... well... I can't really
picture Kate going along with something like that."

      J.R. gave a little chuckle, a sound that actually made Mark shiver.
"Maybe you should have a little talk with her," he said, making it sound more
like a command than a suggestion.  "Better yet, why don't I have a little talk
with her?"

      "Uuuuuhhhh... well... uuuhhh... sure.  I mean, you and your wife could
come over for dinner some day soon and..."

      "What's the. matter with right now?" J.R. asked, making Mark wonder if he
was actually serious.  The last thing he needed at the moment was to have his
problems compounded with a visit by this lecher.

      "Uuuuhhh... Kate and I were sort of hoping that we could get out tonight.
We've just moved in, and things are a little disorganized.  It might take some
time..."

      "Say no more," J.R. said with a flourish.  Mark didn't know how much of
this jovial mood was because of the drinking he had done, or if it was just his
way of kidding around.  "I'll have Maggie get in contact with Kate.  Better to
let the women handle these things anyway, right?"

      "Right!  Uh... that's my building there," Mark pointed, more than eager
to get out of the car.

      J.R. pulled up right in front.  "You won't forget what I told you," he
said with caution in his voice.  "Getting to the top can be easy.  It looks
like a nice apartment building.  You could do better if you wanted. A lot
better."

      Mark thanked him for the ride and walked away, just a little too quickly
to be discrete.  The whole day had really been a drain.  It would be good just
to be away from J.R.  He hoped that Kate had done some shopping and had picked
up something to drink.  Even though he had had nearly as much as J.R., the
thought of numbing himself just a little more appealed to him.

      He took the elevator to his floor and, after fumbling with his keys,
unlocked his door.

      "I'm home," he said, making his voice sound as tired as he felt.  If
there was anything he didn't want at the moment, it was a recurrence of the
argument he had had with Kate in the morning.

      "Well... it's about time," Kate said, coming, out of the kitchen drying
her hands.  "I expected you home almost an hour ago."

      "Honey... the boss was really bending my ear.  I couldn't get away from
him," Mark told her, silently praying for a little understanding.

      "Not even to call me and tell me you would be late?"  She raised her eye
brows, and Mark could see that he was headed for a confrontation.

      "Come on, Kate, have a heart.  He's the boss."

      "And he's more important than I am, right?" she said.  Her voice was
cold, low and almost threatening.  Mark regarded her as though he were looking
at a total stranger.  She was staring back at him, looking at him right in the
eyes, her own lovely gray pools seething with an anger she had been developing
all day.  "I tried to call you at the office, but some woman kept telling me
that you were busy."

      The secretary that had been assigned to me, Mark thought.  An efficient
lady, and all business, just like J.R. Mark didn't even remember her name.

      "How about a drink before we have dinner?" Mark suggested, hoping that by
changing the subject he could calm her down.

      But Kate was pissed.  She had been sleeping all day.  The way Mark had
just walked out on her like that had really set her off, and she was not about
to be appeased by the fact that he had such an old hat excuse as a hard day at
the office.

      "Dinner is ruined," she said, never taking her eyes off his.  "And we
don't have anything to drink in the house.  Besides, you smell as though you've
had plenty to drink all ready."

      "Just a little.  Honest honey.  J.R. was really putting them down.  I was
just pretending to hold my own against him."

      "You mean... you mean you were spending the entire day drinking?" Kate
shrieked.  "I don't believe it.  You were drinking all day, and you couldn't
even slip away to give me a call.  That's all I wanted.  Just a phone call to
let me know you remembered I'm alive."

      "I told you... I couldn't get away," Mark said.  He was feeling desperate
now.  He had never seen his wife acting like this.  Right from the day he had
met her, she had been warm and understanding.  He couldn't believe that one day
after their honeymoon, she was turning into some kind of a whining bitch,
trying to bend him to her own will.

      "You could have gotten away if you wanted," Kate said, determined that
she would hold her ground.  "You just didn't want to get away.  Why won't you
admit it?"

      They stared at each other, each thinking that a terrible mistake had been
made in their getting married.

      "I don't have to stand here and take this, that's for sure," Mark said,
picking his coat up from the table next to the door where he had set it down.
"I put up with an incredible amount of shit at the office.  I don't have to put
up with it here."

      After giving her a steely gaze, he spun around and walked out the door,
slamming it behind him in a repeat performance of the morning.  Kate opened and
closed her fists, staring at the door as though she expected that Mark would
just come right back in.

      She couldn't believe what had happened.  She had been pissed all day, and
she was convinced that she was justified at being angry at her husband.  All
she wanted was what any normal woman wanted.  She had become very aroused in
the morning, and Mark had failed to even attempt to satisfy her.  She had
wanted to finger her vagina all day, but she held off, preferring to wait until
Mark came home and let him take care of her. As the day had worn on, she had
become more and more frustrated with just thinking about his long thick cock.
And when he hadn't called, she had felt even worse.

      And now this.  She wanted to cry.  This wasn't what she had wanted at
all, but the mounting of her sexual passion had put her nerves on edge, until
she had to lash out at someone.  Mark had just been there... the very person
she didn't want to make angry.

      But if Kate was angry, both Niven and Martin were feeling on the top of
the world.  Martin had explained as much as he could to Niven, and he was
pleasantly surprised to learn that she shared in his excitement for adventure.
Things had been getting pretty dull, she told him.  Maybe what he had in mind
would liven things up.  When Mark finally came home, they had their ears
pressed to the wall that separated their apartment from the Hutch's.  They were
all ready when Mark stormed out of the apartment.

      "Okay, love," Martin said, putting the leash on Siegfried.  "I think he's
about as ready for you as he'll ever be.  Go out and get him.  Just play it
cool."

      "Don't worry about me," Niven said as she slipped into a light jacket.
"I just hope he doesn't wander all over town."

      "He won't.  I've seen things like this before.  He'll head straight to
the nearest bar.  He should be easy pickings for you."

      He gave her a little wink as she opened the door.  Giving her a little
time to leave the hall, he looked at Siegfried.

      "Well, friend, looks like you and me are going for a little walk. Would
you like that?"

      Siegfried perked up his ears.  He had been a little confused when Niven
walked out of the apartment without him, and while he liked Martin, he wasn't
sure what was happening.

      Taking the dog's leash, Martin led him to the door of the apartment next
to his.  He knocked on the door and waited patiently, not certain about what
would happen, but knowing that as long as he played things by ear, everything
would turn out.  Siegfried was his ace of trump!

      Kate opened the door with a beaming face, hoping that it was her husband.
When she saw that it wasn't, her expression fell.

      "Ooohhh... hello," she said, gazing long and hard into Martin's dark
black eyes.  Then, feeling something rubbing against her leg, she looked down
to see the huge German shepherd.

      "Hi," Martin said, smiling in as friendly a manner as he could.  "I live
in the apartment next to yours.  I've been walking Siegfried here, and I
thought I would be a friendly neighbor and drop in.  I'm Martin Delany."

      At first Kate thought of telling him that she just wanted to be alone,
but she thought the better of that.  She really didn't want to be alone, and
getting to know the people in the building might be an interesting diversion.

      "Come in," she said, smiling sweetly... innocently.  "I'm Kate Hutch, by
the way."

      She almost told him that she was married and her husband was out, but for
some reason, she decided against it.

      Martin entered the apartment and looked around automatically. Siegfried
found a place in the middle of the floor and sat there, eyeing this woman.  His
keen nose told him something that even Martin, with all his experience in
dealing with women, didn't notice.  This woman was aroused, and Siegfried began
thinking that he had been brought here to lick the vagina of this lady.  He
liked her right away for that, but he knew that he would have to wait until he
was told he could sniff her cunt.

      "I'd offer you something to drink, but... I've just moved in, and I
haven't had time to get anything but Coke."

      "Coke is fine," Martin said casually, watching her as she entered the
kitchen.  He knew right away that he had hit gold with this one.  She was being
really friendly, and she was actually acting as though she didn't want him to
think she was married.  She had never mentioned her husband. That was
encouraging!

      And the way she walked was also encouraging.  She was deliberately
swaying her lush, firm ass back and forth, the tight skirt she was wearing
clinging to the fleshy orbs of her buttocks, showing him the outline of her
ass.  She was really a lovely woman... more so than hearing her voice through
the wall would have indicated, and he could feel his cock growing in his pants.
As she stood in front of the refrigerator, she offered him a profile of her
ripe body, and Martin's eyes went from the graceful swell of her hips to the
generous out-thrusting of her breasts.  He could tell that she was not wearing
a bra, and her breasts were both large and firm, their nipples strangely
swollen and straining against the thin cloth of her white cotton blouse.  He
loved the way her bright red hair fell lushly to her softly rounded shoulders
and bounced as she walked from the kitchen back to the dining room.  Her
breasts jiggled as she walked as well, and she took a seat at the other end of
the couch from him, turning full to him as she offered him an opened can of
Coke.

      "I like to think that someone has to make the first move when a new
person comes into the building," Martin said casually, taking a drink from the
can and resting his eyes on her melon-shaped breasts.  Uuuummmm... they were
really nice looking, and it was all the young man could do to keep from
reaching out and squeezing them right then and there.  He knew that if he just
held off a little, he would be getting his cock into her soon enough.  No point
in rushing things.  He'd learned long ago that playing a hand too early can be
worse than disastrous.

      "I think that's a very nice idea," she told him, her eyes sparkling. As
she took a sip of her own drink, she caught herself doing something she never
thought she would ever do in her life.  She was actually flirting with this
total stranger.  She couldn't believe it, but as she thought about it, she was
puzzled by the fact that it really didn't bother her. She hadn't told him that
she was married, and since he didn't ask about her husband, she assumed that he
didn't know.  But what really startled her was that she was all but going out
of her way to let him think she was single!  This thought really confused her,
and she turned away from him to face front, looking at the dog still sitting in
the middle of the room.

      There was something about that dog... something strange and exciting.  If
she didn't know better, she would have sworn that the dog... Siegfried, she
reminded herself, was actually trying to look up her skirt.  Even though she
believed that was silly, she automatically pressed her legs together.

      "So tell me," she said, once again facing the rather handsome young man
sitting on the other end of the couch.  "What do you do for a living?"

      "Me?  Oooohhh... I'm what you call independently wealthy," Martin said in
an off-handed manner.  "I sort of come and go.  I have a great deal of freedom,
and I meet some interesting people.  I learn a great deal from people.  More
than I ever did from books."

      "Were you a student?"

      "Uh huh.  Columbia.  I was a very good student too, but the whole thing
really bored me.  After I got my degree, I decided that I would take off and
see as many things as I could, instead of reading about them."

      "You're something of a romantic," Kate remarked, smiling and making her
pale hazel eyes twinkle.  She had heard a lot about people who just left their
homes and traveled about, but she had never met one of them. To her, the whole
idea sounded very nice.

      "That I am," Martin said, noting that she had turned herself in a rather
seductive manner.  The young man was pretty certain that what she was doing was
purely sub-conscious, but she was definitely coming on him. "And you?  What do
you do?"

      "Oooohhh... uh... nothing at the moment.  I'm looking for a job."

      "Is that so?" Martin said, raising his eye brows.  He noticed that she
still hadn't said she was married, and he took his cue from that omission.

      "A pretty girl like you should find herself a good husband," he said,
giving her a side long glance.  "These days, you could find someone who
wouldn't mind you having a job."

      "That's a thought," Kate said, still smiling.  God!, she thought. What
the hell am I doing?  I'm all but throwing myself at this man, and Mark could
come home at any moment.  What's the matter with me?

      She decided that she was playing the game just a little too seriously,
but after the way Mark had walked out on her twice in the same day, she really
didn't feel all that guilty.  The tingling she had felt in her vagina ever
since the morning was really getting to her, and she found that every time she
moved, the tingling increased.  Occasionally, as she and Martin made small
talk, she dropped her eyes to his muscular-looking loins.  She noticed that he
had an erection there, and she began to feel a little bad that she was leading
him on like she was.  She should come right out and tell him that she was
already married, but something prevented her.  The anger Mark had infused in
her was being turned out against Martin.  She would make this young man feel as
frustrated as Mark had made her feel.

      As they continued to make small talk, Kate trying to not be quite so
seductive, Siegfried moved back and forth, padding his great forepaws on the
rug.  His keen sense of smell noticed an increasing of the woman's arousal, and
he wondered why he was being made to sit and submit himself to this torture.
Her feminine odor was wafting against his nostrils, and he wanted nothing more
than to press his long nose tightly against her aromatic pussy.  He made a
little impatient whine, which went unnoticed by both Martin and Kate, and his
ears drooped.  He knew he had to wait for the signal before he did anything,
but there was an aching in his animal loins that would not go away.  In fact,
it was getting stronger.  For some reason, his master was just talking to this
pretty woman.  At least if her clothes were off, he would know that sooner or
later, he would get a chance to drive his long thick tongue deeply into the
seething sluice of her cunt.  But neither one appeared to notice him.

      Finally, he could stand it no longer.  He knew that he might be punished
for what he was about to do, but all his discipline and training was fast
fading.  He had to act and act fast!

      Getting to his feet, he slowly walked over to where Kate was sitting on
the couch and stood up on his hind legs, his strong forepaws pressing tightly
against her swollen breasts for support.  Then he lashed out with his tongue,
swiping it in a friendly manner.

      "Ooooooohhhhh..." Kate said, at first startled, and then, realizing that
the dog was just being friendly, relieved and suddenly playful. Siegfried gave
her smooth, flawless face several laps with his thick, damp tongue, and Kate
set her can of Coke down on the small end table.  She took his great, furry
head between her hands and scratched him behind his ears.

      "Siegfried!" Martin said in a mock scolding voice.  He knew that the
amazing dog had been going through sheer hell, and that it was only a matter of
time before he would finally make his move.  He had been counting on something
like this, and he made only a feeble effort to pull the huge dog away from her.
Having the weight of the dog pressing against her caused Kate to sit back, and
her legs reflexively opened to maintain her balance.  The aroused dog was not
going to be stopped merely by the voice of his master now.  He lowered himself
to the floor and, seeing that the pretty woman's legs were now spread, he
inched his face forward.

      Everything seemed to happen in the blink of an eye.  His long tongue shot
out as far as he could make it go at the heat he could sense emanating from the
crevice between her thighs.  He felt some relief, but also some frustration as
the fleshy, wet organ pressed tightly up against her panties.  He tasted that
they were soaked with the flowing juices of the desire he had noticed rising
from her, and he stabbed at the cloth covering her crotch as though his life
depended on it.

      The effect on Kate was as if she had been touched there by a live wire.
Every thought in her mind seemed to come to a sudden halt.  She couldn't have
been more surprised if Martin had just lunged for her, but she also couldn't
have been more aroused if her own husband had placed his hand there, against
the cum-soaked nylon of her skimpy panties.  She stiffened in amazement and
drew in a sharp, hissing breath, momentarily forgetting that Martin was sitting
in the room with her as the dog's insistent tongue, in its desperate desire to
enter her cunt, actually slipped up under one elastic leg band and came into
direct contact with her passion-flushed vaginal lips.

      Her hazel eyes wide open in complete shock, she looked down, stunned at
the intensity of her reaction to this strange mind.  Her own control over her
body was slipping away from her as she felt Siegfried's tongue again slip under
a panty leg-band and slither hotly, wetly, into her cuntal sluice!

      "AAAAAAHHHHHHH..." she breathed as all her breath left her body in one
mighty rush, and she tried to clamp her legs shut to prevent the dog from
continuing.  "SIEGFRIED... MARTIN...!!"  She turned a passion-flushed face to
the man who was sitting on the other end of the couch, wanting him to pull the
great dog away from her, and actually wishing that he wouldn't.  The thought of
having Siegfried lick her there, between her legs, was not as bad to her as
actually having another man watch him doing it.

      "No... no... no..." she gasped, trying to find the strength to do what
she knew she had to do.

      She was further shocked to see that Martin was merely smiling at her, and
as he spoke to her, his voice sounded as though he were a million miles away.
"Siegfried really likes you, Kate.  And it looks like you really like him!"

      She couldn't believe he'd said that, but again, Siegfried made a stab
with his tongue against her wet, seething pussy under her skirt, and her mind
was completely washed clean of any rational thought.

      "I... I... I" she stammered, trying to think of something to say, and
failing completely.  Her shame was that of having someone watching her while
this dog licked desperately at her vagina.  She wanted to scream... to simply
reach down and remove his head from between her thighs.  But she couldn't!
Each keening stab he made with his hot, damp tongue against her needing cunt
drained her strength and will, and she was helpless to move.

      Taking his can of Coke with him, Martin came to a standing position. "I
think you'll just have to let Siegfried have his way," he said in a calm
rational voice.  Inwardly, he was jumping for glee.  In no time, Kate would be
ripping her clothes off and letting Siegfried get at her cunt with no sweat.
And after Siegfried was done with her, he was going to take his turn!  Things
were working out pretty nicely.

      Kate pulled her hips back, breaking the contact the dog's tongue made
with her cunt.  She felt a bit of her strength returning to her, and she tried
to regain her sense of composure.

      "You mean... I... I should... I should just strip and let... let this
dog... AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH...!" she wailed out again as Siegfried moved into
position and again shot his tongue out against Kate's passion-flooded pussy
lips.  That was the final straw.  The frustration caused by her husband had
finally reached a breaking point, and, as Siegfried's long thick tongue shot
out, this time to bury itself up inside her soft vaginal opening, seeming to
send a million tiny fire-tipped needles searing through her aroused body, she
knew that she couldn't help herself.  It would serve Mark right if he came home
and found her being licked by a dog while their neighbor watched.  In fact, the
whole idea of Mark actually seeing her like that would probably teach him a
lesson.

      Somehow, with her mind now made up, she found the strength to tear her
blouse from her chest, popping all the buttons in her haste to get naked.  She
didn't care that a near stranger was watching her doing this. She didn't care
that a dog was giving her such incredible pleasure.  All that mattered was the
pleasure itself, and she was going to take full advantage of it, come what may.

      Her full, sensuous breasts spilled to either side as they were freed from
their confining garment, and before she could find the side zipper of her skirt
the dog's darting pink tongue flickered over her still-covered loins once
again, taking the breath from her lungs.  She drew her legs up and spread them,
letting the bottom hem of her skirt ride all the way up to her waist,
completely exposing her panty-covered pussy to the dog's skillfully lashing
tongue.  Was this actually happening? she thought to herself.  Could this be
real, and not just a strange dream?  Again and again she thought that the very
least she could do was ask Martin to leave.  No one but her parents and her
husband had ever seen her naked!

      But her body would not listen to the reasoning of her mind.  This was the
pleasure that had been denied her all day... the pleasure she had so
desperately wanted, that had been so cruelly withheld from her by her husband.
What difference did it make that Martin would see her??

      By the time these thoughts had sorted themselves out in her mind, she had
already found the zipper of her skirt, and she pulled it down, spreading the
garment out beneath her, panting as though she had just broken the world record
for running the mile.  And even though Siegfried's body was in the way, she
still managed to hoist her firm buttocks up off the couch cushions.

      "Aaaaaaahhhhhhh..." she moaned in soul-satisfying relief as she stretched
her now completely naked body out on the couch, letting the curling, dipping,
thrusting tongue take total control over her body, lapping molten fire into her
pussy with each loving stroke.  Yes!  Yes! Why bother to fight it? she finally
thought.  She had wanted something like this all day.  She had even prevented
herself from fingering her body so that she would be all the more ready for her
husband, and he had just walked out.  And Martin certainly didn't seem like the
kind of person who would think this was wrong or depraved.

      "Oooohhhh... ooohhh..." she heard her voice moan.  "Do it do me! Lick me!
Lick my cunt... my cunt...  Oooohhh... make me cum...!"  The last of her
resistance gone, Kate's hips started a slow grinding up toward the dog's
pleasure-giving tongue, thrusting her steaming cunt tightly against his long
snout, her heels digging into the couch beneath to give her more leverage.  Out
and in, out and in, the long thick tongue flashed wetly.  Kate lifted her head
and watched with passion-glazed eyes as Siegfried licked her skillfully,
starting down at her tiny little anus, gliding hotly over the quivering mouth
of her vagina, splaying aside her fever-pink cunt-lips and slicing through the
soft moist flesh to finally rasp maddeningly across her erect, budding
clitoris.

      Martin smiled and watched as Siegfried licked tirelessly, happily at the
soft, red hair-fringed treasures spread so wantonly before him.  He knew that
Siegfried was savoring the hot musky taste and odors, and was trying to slip
his tongue as far as he could up into Kate's fluttering pussy mouth.  The
handsome animal looked and acted happy, and even though he had broken training,
Martin would forgive him this one transgression.

      Kate seemed to have gone crazy beneath the slavering animal. Continuous
choking mewls of abandoned pleasure streamed from her half-parted lips and her
buttocks churned wildly on the couch, lashed into a frenzy by the long tongue
slicing deep into her most secret parts. Flailing, thrashing, moaning, the
completely conquered woman twisted beneath the animal-lover in wanton
acceptance, welcoming his long pink tongue in her innermost depths, totally
lost in the ecstasy which was washing away the frustration her husband had
caused her.

      "Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh... aaaaaaaahhhhhhaaahhhhh..." she chanted mindlessly,
each moaning utterance matching a burning swipe of Siegfried's wildly flicking
tongue.  She knew that she was going to cum, that nothing could hold her back
now.  A throbbing force had taken possession of her belly, just waiting for the
moment when it would sweep over her entire body, making her a helpless puppet,
pulled by the age-old strings of culminating passion.  She had never known
anything like this... not even with her husband!  This was so wonderful... so
totally, wickedly wonderful...!

      The gasping young wife's eyes opened to stare at the ceiling, and she
felt as though she were floating up to it.  The force inside her belly was
growing relentlessly, stretching itself thinner and thinner with each wonderful
swipe Siegfried made with his glorious tongue, seeming to fill her belly with a
shuddering tension that would have to burst or split her wide open.

      Then suddenly, the orgasm that had been denied her by her husband
exploded through her like fireworks, searing her insides with white-hot bolts
of pure energy... pure and unfettered passion!  A long low wailing moan hissed
from her throat and her screaming loins thrust upward one last time as her legs
held her whole body rigid in an attitude of shuddering tension.

      She couldn't move beyond that.  She just held there, the cords in her
slender neck standing out sharply against the translucent white skin while the
incredible explosion went on deep up inside her spasming body.  It was an
endless moment of climaxing for the young red-head, without time or special
reference, just going on and on in a kind of silent explosion that swept away
every thought from her mind.

      When it was finally over, Kate's whole body went limp as if someone had
cut her strings, and she rolled off the couch onto the floor in a gasping heap.
She lay on her belly for what seemed like an eternity, letting the pleasant
little after-shocks of her orgasm ripple through her. It was a long time before
she could even begin to think.

      Still on the couch, Siegfried looked at her.  He liked licking her
seething little pussy.  It had been moist and hot and very, very sweet, and he
wondered if something was wrong with the woman as she lay moaning softly on the
floor.  He lowered his furry head and sniffed the air, trying to pick up the
scent of something wrong.  There was nothing but the heady aroma of her passion
fluids still dripping from her quivering vaginal flanges.  He whined once, and
then looked to Martin, waiting for further instructions.  While he had been
licking Kate, his long animal penis had emerged from its furry sheath, and he
could feel a dull ache in his dog-balls, letting him know that, if everything
was all right, he wanted to fuck the lovely red-head.

      But at this point, Martin was hardly concerned with what Siegfried
wanted.  In the back of his mind, he knew that Siegfried would be disappointed,
but he also knew that his chance to relieve the ache in his animal loins would
come a little later, when he was alone with Niven. 'Let him think that this is
some sort of punishment for not waiting for the signal,' Martin thought.  At
least then, he won't be doing something like that without being told again.
Secretly, he was glad that Siegfried had not waited, for now Martin had Kate
right where he wanted her... naked and still weak from her orgasm.   The young
man knew there was probably nothing Kate wouldn't do now, and that was very
much to his liking.  Helping her was one thing, but he might just as well help
himself as well.  And that was just what he was going to do.

      Taking several steps to the quivering naked young wife, he bent down, his
eyes fixed on the luscious flesh of her firm ass-cheeks.  His cock was really
throbbing, as it had been ever since Kate had completely lost control of
herself and ripped her blouse from her.  Even though she was laying on her
belly, flattening out the roundness of her full, eye-pleasing breasts, she
still looked lovely, and Martin was damned if he was going to leave without
getting a piece of her.

      Slowly, lightly, his hands reached out and rested on the warm softness of
her left buttock.  He opened his hand and spread his fingers, caressingly
kneading the dough-like skin there, delighting in its satiny smoothness.  Again
he opened his hand, closed his fingers, squeezing and kneading the resilient
flesh of her ass.

      At first, Kate seemed to be oblivious to what he was doing there. Still
lost in the throes of her orgasm, his light massaging seemed to merely in
crease the strength of the aftershocks, prolonging the delightful ripples
waving through her passion-spent belly.  Then, as Martin placed his other hand
on her other ass-cheek and inserted his thumbs in the cum-moistened hairless
crevice, Kate began to come back to life.

      "Uuuuuuuuuummmm..." she moaned as she felt her buttocks spread almost
lovingly, allowing the cool air of the room to blast against her tight brown
anus.

      "How do you feel?" Martin asked, almost as an after thought.

      "Uuuuuummmm... love it..." Kate moaned, still caught in the soothing grip
of her cunt-licking.  She felt wonderful... blissful... peaceful... more so
than she could ever remember feeling on her honeymoon, and it was the totality
of the feeling that made it impossible for her to try and put the feeling into
words.

      "Thought so," Martin said, grinning broadly to himself.  "That Siegfried
is really something, isn't he?"

      "Uuuuummmmm hhhuuuuuummmmm..."  He was doing something to her behind
there, working his fingers on her buttocks, and she liked it.  She wasn't sure
what he was doing, but she hoped that he kept it up.  The feeling of his
fingers in her rear crevice.  This was something new to her, a feeling so
totally new that she was caught up in the spell of the act, moving gracefully
from the orgasm she had experienced from the cunt licking she had received to a
strange and exciting re-arousal.  Everything was happening so quickly that she
had no time to think that this was not her husband who was working his fingers
into the nakedness of her ass.

      "Tell me something," Martin said, his voice totally devoid of emotion.
"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?"

      Kate wasn't certain that she had heard him correctly.  She would have
sworn that he'd just asked her if she had ever been fucked in the ass. That was
ridiculous.  She had never even heard of something like that.  It sounded like
it would really hurt.

      Rather than try and think of what he was asking her though, she allowed
herself to wallow in the delightfulness that his buttock-caressing was bringing
her.

      "Uuuuuuummmmm..." she moaned, as though she were in a half sleep and
didn't want to wake up fully.

      Martin smiled.  He would have broken out into a laugh, but he knew that
would break the spell he was bringing her.

      "Does that mean yes or no?" he asked playfully.

      "Uuuuuuuuuummmmmmm..." Kate moaned again.  She was only vaguely aware
that someone was speaking to her, and she wished the annoying voice would stop
so she could fully enjoy the ass-squeezing she was getting.

      "Well!!... I wouldn't worry about it," Martin said, pressing down just a
little harder with his hands into the warm, dough-like flesh of her ass.  "I
think it's about time someone did fuck you in the ass, and as I look around, I
don't see anyone fit for the job but me."

      Inserting his thumbs again into the cum-smeared valley between her
buttocks, he pulled her ass-cheeks apart again, looking intently at the tiny
puckered hole of her tight little anus.  He could see it shrivel up against the
cool air, and he knew that there, if no where else, she was still a virgin.
Her rectum looked as cherry as could be, and while he didn't like fucking
virgins all that much, he would make an exception in this case.  If things were
working according to plan, Mark would see him doing that.  He wondered what her
husband would think when he saw his wife being fucked in the ass.  He'd
probably blow his stack.  That would be a lot of fun.

      He held Kate's buttocks apart with the fingers of one hand while he
trailed his middle finger of the other lightly up and down her still
palpitating vaginal slit, lubricating it in the remnants of cum that Siegfried
had brought about.  Then he rested his finger lightly against the puckered
brown hole, waited a moment.

      And pushed against it, letting his finger slide as deeply as he could in
one thrust.

      Kate was suddenly wrenched from her dream-like state and cast into the
world of painful reality.  She had never expected anything like this, and the
swiftness of it took her completely by surprise.  She stiffened her entire body
as a wave of pain engulfed her, and she opened her mouth to scream.

      No sound came out, though.  The only sound she heard was her own voice
crying out in her mind, making her think that she was screaming. She gasped
then, her breath rasping between her teeth and filling her lungs...

      And then the pain was gone!  Just as suddenly as it had appeared, making
her think that a red-hot poker had been forced up her ass, her rectal muscles
accommodated themselves to the thick invader of Martin's finger, and she was
left with the strangely wonderful sensation of a man's finger in her ass.

      When he began to pull it out, she actually experienced a feeling of
regret, and this time, when he thrust it in again, she relaxed her ass muscles,
letting the finger slide in painlessly.  It was... it was something like when
Mark thrust his finger up her ass while she was being fucked in her cunt,
and...

      But this wasn't Mark doing this to her.  This wasn't her husband!!!!!
This was a man she had met only an hour ago!!!!!  And his was sticking his
finger into her nakedly squirming ass!!!!!

      But what bothered her the most was the fact that she actually liked it!
She enjoyed the fact that she was being caressed and massaged nakedly by a man
who was not her husband.  The mere thought that Martin was just a neighbor who
she hardly knew titillated her.  For all she knew, he could be a mass murderer
hiding out from the police.  Well...  If Mark wasn't going to fuck her when she
wanted him to, then he would just have to expect that that some one else would
step in and take his place.  The honeymoon is over, Mark, she thought to
herself.  I wanted you and you didn't want me.  You deserve nothing less than
to have some stranger fuck me!

      Her thoughts were broken as Martin jammed his finger in further up the
tight crevice of her ass, making it wider, stretching it.  This time, Kate
couldn't help but scream out in pain.

      "AAAAAAAGGGG GGHHHHHH..."

      The shrillness of her yelling actually frightened Martin some.  He knew
she would be tight there, but the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her.
Maybe he had been wrong to think that he could fuck her there, and he began to
pull his finger out.

      "No... no... no... keep it there... keep it there..." Kate wailed out.
No matter how much it hurt, she was going to have his finger in her ass.  She
knew that once the pain went away, it would feel good. It had before, and it
would again.

      And even as she thought this, the pain began to evaporate, leaving her
once more with the delight of having her ass filled and stretched.

      Martin shrugged his shoulders and continued.  Hell, as long as she didn't
seem to mind, he was going to go through with it, and this time he wasn't going
to stop no matter how much she screamed.  He remembered then the first time he
had fucked a woman in the ass... how she had screamed and thrashed for a little
while until her rectum stretched enough to itself to the thickness of his
massive organ.  Kate's back-passage would do the same.  She might not know what
kind of blinding pain she was in for, but he was certain that as long as he
continued fucking her there, she would come around.

      He rammed and prodded his finger into her shuddering passage, sending
stinging shafts of pain through Kate's body for a moment, which were followed
by the delightful sensation of his finger there.  She caught herself,
determined that she would go through with this.  Having her cunt licked by the
dog had been something she never thought she would like. Why not go on and try
to learn something new again?  Even as she stiffened her body to remain in
place, Martin held her firmly.  While his one hand and finger was stretching
her ass, he used his other hand to remove his clothes.  He was a master of
getting his clothes off under all sorts of situations, and using one hand was
as easy for him as using two... especially when the hand that was not free was
fingering the ass of a woman as lovely as Kate Hutch.  That was an added
incentive, making his free hand move like a blur.

      In no time he had removed his shirt and pants, letting the thick, long
shaft of his painfully erect penis spring free, the head blunt and round, the
tiny slit at the end already seeping a clear drop of thick, heated pre-cum.

      While he continued to prepare her ever-widening ass-hole with one hand,
he stroked the loose foreskin of his mammoth penis slowly back and forth,
making his distended, blood-engorged shaft all the harder and anxious for the
tight warmth of Kate's anus.

      He knelt behind her, his body arching triumphantly.  His thick, swollen
penis, throbbing with excitement, stood erect and arched like his body!  She's
almost ready, he thought to himself.  Just a couple of seconds more.

      Kate felt the hard rubbery head of his cock exploring her from behind.
It was poised at the head of her anal passage like a hot log, ready to plunge
into her.  And then she realized that he had not been joking in the least bit.

      HE WAS REALLY GOING TO FUCK HER THERE... IN HER ASS!!!!

      "Martin... Martin... please... Martin..." she moaned as the realization
finally dawned on her.  She hadn't seen his cock, but judging from what it felt
like nestled between the soft warm cheeks of her quivering ass, it was huge...
massive!  She would have a hard time taking it into her cunt, let alone her
ass.  Certainly she had bitten off more than she could chew.

      But Martin was not going to be stopped now.  With a sudden lunge, he
plunged the thick gorged rod of his cock into her tight virgin anus.  It drove
forward with a jerk that sent Kate's body thrusting forward.

      Again her mouth opened to cry, and again nothing came out... just the
mental voice making her think she was screaming.  But if screaming itself is a
release, so is its illusion, and as the voice inside her mind died down, so did
the pain in her ass, and she found that she was able to take at least as much
of the lust-engorged shaft as he had already inserted.

      In her most secret thoughts, she had never thought that anything like
this could happen to anyone, let alone herself, yet here she was, ready,
willing, and as able as she would ever be to take the penis of a total stranger
up into her rectal passage.  The mere thought that Mark might come home this
very moment and see her like this, totally naked with a naked man behind her,
his hands on her hips and his long thick cock inching slowly but surely up into
her bowels made her feel giddy with wickedness.  She began to pray that her
husband would come home... not so he could prevent Martin from sodomizing her,
but so that he could watch. This was a way she should have thought of to get
back at her husband for walking out on her in the morning.  It was the perfect
way... the only way, and her only regret was that she had not actually thought
of it herself.  She may have been a virgin when she was married, but Mark had
shown her the pleasures of sex.  If he didn't want to continue giving her those
pleasures, she had every right to seek them elsewhere!

      Martin was totally unaware of the chain of thoughts running through
Kate's mind.  He really didn't care very much what she thought actually. If
things worked out, it wouldn't make any difference anyway.  He looked down at
her tightly resisting ass-hole, wishing that he had reamed his cock several
times in the seething slit of her cum-soaked vagina to lubricate the towering
tree-like shaft of his penis, but it was too late for that now.  He grunted,
pushing his long, hot penis further and further into the tense throbbing
interior.

      "Relax that ass... come on...  Loosen it up," he commanded, making his
voice as harsh as he could, hoping that he could shock her enough to make it a
little easier on her.  He felt her trying to comply.

      "Oooooohhhhhh... AAAAAAHHHHH..." she moaned, pushing back onto the
searing rod stretching her anal muscles ahead of the blunt head.  She felt his
fingers digging into her hips, gripping the tender whiteness of her flesh to
keep her as steady as possible.  She reveled in it.  She wanted to feel as much
of his cock up her ass as she could.  She had never dreamed that it would feel
like this.  With each inch he drove into her, she felt another stab of pain,
and as soon as she thought she would never be able to stand it, the pain
vanished.

      "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!!!!" she wailed out as the last little bit of his long
thick cock was finally buried up inside her wide-stretched ass, and she gritted
her teeth, determined that she was strong enough to wait out the rush of pain
that went shooting the length of her spine.  She could do it!  She could do it!
She clenched her eyes shut and gritted her teeth, sweat forming on her forehead
and running down her face.

      Martin began to fuck her slowly in and out then, each thrust further
widening the straining elastic channel and easing his entry.

      "Getting better... getting better..." Martin said softly, noting that her
ass was now almost as easy to fuck as her cunt would have been... easier, but
tighter, and all the better for that.

      He could feel his passion rising as he thought of fucking this naked
woman in the ass.  Shit!  Hadn't she been teasing him ever since he'd walked in
the apartment?  Never once had she said that she was a married woman.  If
things got really tight, he could always use that as a defense.

      He chuckled to himself.  These newly-weds were all alike.  No matter who
tells them what, they think the whole world is supposed to be a long honeymoon.
Well, Kate could see now that there was reality to live.  He moved into her
more quickly now, increasing the speed and depth of his penetrations.  His
sperm-heavy, hairy balls dangled freely below his blood-swollen cock, swinging
up in a great arch to slap at the tender moist slit of her recently dog-licked
cuntal slit, increasing the river of cum that had been there before.  His
testicles hitting her vaginal slit actually splashed some of her vaginal
lubrication on his penis, making the towering shaft more slippery.

      Kate was besieged with conflicting emotions and sensations.  On one hand,
she felt as if she were being torn to shreds by the hot, poker-like shaft of
his cock.  He pumped his hips back and forth... back and forth like a machine,
driving his penis in and out of her like a piston of that machine... fitting
and refitting his loins against the fleshy cheeks of her ass, pressing his
bulbous cock head as far up into her rectal depths as he could.

      But on the other hand, as the pain slowly subsided, she found that as
long as she yielded to the sensations streaming through her body, it was
delightful... more than delightful.  She could feel the beginnings of a new
orgasm starting in her recently satiated belly, and a new excitement began to
ripple throughout her.  She felt as if she were melting, as if her entire being
were being bathed in voluptuous waves of pleasure that replaced the pain,
making her actions seem delicious -- ooooooh so delicious.

      Nothing was going to stop Martin now.  He rammed and shoved and fucked
deeply into her ass, lust and excitement surging through him.  His body was
covered with sweat, and the musky odor of his sweat and her cuntal fluids drove
him on.  His straining, battering rod was like the steel piston of a train,
chugging back and forth, deeper and deeper.

      Siegfried, noticing the increasing aroma of Kate's rising passion, slowly
walked over to where Martin was fucking deeply into her ass.  He sniffed with
his nose, hoping that he, too, might get a chance to relieve the ache that
licking her pussy had created in his animal loins.

      "Beat it, dog," Martin said harshly.  "Get the fuck out of here." Shit!
Siegfried had already has his share.  Martin had to share Niven with the great
animal often enough.  This time he was going to have a fucking all to himself.

      Returning all his attention to Kate, Martin grinned almost sadistically.
His powerful body was sweating, tense, alive with excitement. He increased his
tempo and plunged his stalwart penis still deeper into her heaving, shuddering
passage! He rammed back and forth, driven now with wild, unimaginable
sensuality.

      Kate received his iron-like blows with a gasping ecstasy.  Suddenly it
was happening for her.  She could feel herself getting caught up in a swirling,
boiling vortex of excitement.  She felt extraordinary thrills surging through
her loins, her body steaming with heightened passion and sensuality.  She would
have thought that after the orgasm she had received from Siegfried's licking,
she wouldn't be able to cum for a week, but there was no doubt about it.  She
was going to cum.  She was actually going to cum... and she could tell this
climax would be as great as the last one...


                             An Animal-Loving Bride
                                   Chapter 4

      If there was one thing about Martin, Niven reflected as she followed Mark
down the hall, it was that he really seemed to know people.  Mark took the
elevator and Niven, not wanting to appear too obvious, took the stairs.  She,
like Martin, was getting caught up in the adventure of the thing, and she
playfully stalked Mark as though she were a spy and he were a counter spy.

      Something good was going to come out of this, she realized as soon as she
caught her first glimpse of the man.  Through the walls of the apartment, his
voice had sounded rich and masculine, and he looked every bit as handsome as he
sounded.  Just following him made her vagina tingle, and she was really glad
that she had met up with a person like Martin. Who else would include her in a
plan where all she had to do was what she did best... fuck a man?  Martin had
instructed her to lay it on Mark thick and heavy, and she knew right off that
she wasn't going to hold back.

      True to Martin's suspicions, Mark went straight to the bar across the
street from the apartment building.  Niven had been there several times
herself, just to get out of the apartment.  She was hardly bothered at all by
the "21 years or older" sign in the window.  She had learned that as long as
she acted as though she knew what to do, no one suspected that she was well
under age.  Her mannerisms and attitudes made people believe that she was a
good deal older than sixteen, and she wasn't about to set them any wiser.

      It was the dinner hour, and as such, the bar was nearly empty.  Two men
were sitting at a window table, sipping on their glasses of beer, and two other
men were busy at the pool table near the back.  None of them paid any attention
to Mark or Niven as they entered.

      Still unaware that he was being followed, Mark took a stool right at the
bar.  His mind was reeling with thousands of thoughts, none of which made any
sense or had any connection.  He couldn't believe what had happened in his
apartment.  He would have thought Kate could at least listen to him.  His day
at the office had been sheer hell, and all he had wanted to do was just sit
down and not have to hear anyone talking for a good long time.

      Instead, Kate had lit into him right away, complaining that he hadn't
called, complaining that he had caused her to ruin dinner.  If the rest of his
marriage was going to be like this, he knew that he had better end it right
away, before he lost his mind all together.  The honeymoon had been one thing,
but he could see now that Kate was not the woman he had thought her to be.
Fucking her during a vacation was one thing, but trying to make a life with
her...

      Whew!  She was really a child in so many ways!

      "What'll it be, Buddy?" the bartender asked.

      "Scotch, straight up.  Make it a double," Mark answered in a tired voice.
He knew he was already drunk, and the only thought on his mind was that he
wanted to get more drunk.  Damn Kate anyway.

      "I'll have a gin and tonic," Niven said as she took a stool on the right
side of Mark.  The bar tender looked at her carefully.  She didn't quite look
the legal age, but he shrugged his shoulders.  Hell, a buck was a buck, and
things were tight without turning away someone who was buying. The sign in the
window affected him about as much as a sunny day in California.

      Niven took her drink and turned to face Mark fully.  She smiled when she
saw that he was so wrapped up in his drink that he didn't even notice that she
had sat next to him.

      "You look pretty down in the dumps, friend," she said teasingly, sipping
lightly on her drink.

      Mark looked up and around, his head stopping when his eyes met hers. Then
he narrowed his eyes and gazed deeply at the total sensuality that seemed to
drip from every pore of this girl.

      "I'm Niven Mandel," she told him, feeling a little giddy at her ability
to be straight forward.  "You look like you could use a friend right now, and
the bar tender doesn't look like your type."

      Mark managed to keep his face bland and expressionless, though inside, he
was shocked.  Since he had started dating Kate in college, he had pretty much
stayed away from other women.  He could tell a pick-up when he saw one, though,
and this nice looking piece was really coming on strong.  She was arching her
back in such a way as to nearly brush her full, rounded breasts against his
arm, and he dropped his eyes away from her pretty face to gaze at her sensuous
spheres.  She looked as though she were dressed to kill.  She was wearing a
short jacket over her faded work-shirt, and both the jacket and shirt were open
just enough for him to see half her delightful-looking cleavage.  Her shirt was
tucked into old, soft jeans, so tight that, as she sat, the material followed
the roundness of her slim thighs all the way up to her cunt.  A fast glance,
even in his slightly drunken condition, revealed that the cloth was creased
along her pussy slit, and he wasn't sure, but it looked as though he could see
a dark stain there.  Uuuummmm... this is one hot little cunt!

      "Yeah... well... things got a little rough at the office," he said, not
exactly wanting to talk to her, but not wanting to offend her either. Just
looking at her was really nice, and if he weren't a married man, he would have
said something different.

      "Things are tough all over," Niven said, leaning forward a little and
inwardly smiling as she noticed that his eyes were blatantly resting on her
breasts, dwelling in this increased view of her deep-fleshed cleavage.

      For the first time in his life, Mark found that he didn't know what to
say to a woman... especially one who was really coming on to him like this.
His first thought that he should just tell her he was married really seemed
like the wrong thing.  Besides, he doubted that it would make any difference to
her.  Women who pick men up in bars really didn't give a shit if they were
married or not.

      "Hey, handsome," Niven said, smiling sweetly, "you gonna let me talk to a
stranger?  I mean, I don't even know your name."

      "Uuuummmmm?  Oooohhh... excuse me.  It's Mark... Mark Hutch."

      "Mark huh?  That's a good strong name... for a strong man."

      She gave a little wink that made Mark flush from under his collar. At the
other end of the bar, the bar tender was taking a great interest in what was
happening.  This chick didn't waste any time, he thought.  Hell, it would be
really nice to have her come into the place more often. Someone like her would
really bring in a lot of frustrated husbands.

      Niven was having the time of her life.  Mark was almost like putty in her
hands, and she could tell that he was really starting to come apart at the
seams.  She finished her drink in one gulp and set her glass down on the
counter.  Mark was rolling his own drink nervously in one hand, wondering if he
should continue along with this little game or just forget the whole thing.  He
reminded himself that he was married, and even though Kate had caused him to
leave the apartment, he had to take her into consideration.

      "Gonna buy me a drink, handsome?" Niven asked in a low, throaty voice.

      Mark felt his penis spasm for the first time... then spasm again!

      What the hell? he thought to himself.  Kate was really being a child
about life.  Maybe she deserved to see that she couldn't take him for granted.
After the way she had treated him, she deserved to have him at least toy with
the idea of fucking another woman.  That would show her good.

      "Sure," Mark told her.  He signaled the tender to re-fill Niven's glass.

      "Suppose you tell about how tough things get at the office," Niven said,
seeing that Mark was a little too flushed to say much of anything.

      Mark smiled, feeling more and more comfortable.  He took a healthy pull
of his own drink, gazing at the lovely woman sitting next to him over the top
of his glass.  The warmth of his Scotch filtered through his whole body, and
his mental image of Kate vanished from his mind.

      "Oooohhh... the usual story.  Boss thinks I'm not intelligent enough to
think for myself.  Hovered over me all day like a mother hen.  And of course,
he's a complete ass."

      "Of course," Niven agreed sweetly, making her eyes sparkle as she turned
up one corner of her mouth.  She dropped her eyes away from Mark's rugged
looking face to see that his cock had swollen and was tenting the cloth of his
pants.  For a moment, she lost her composure at the massive size of it.  God!
No wonder Kate wanted it so badly!  It looked huge, and in a flash, she
pictured herself with her legs spread wide, Mark's thick penis fucking in and
out of her like a hard driving machine.  She could feel her vagina tingle, and
she knew that she had to have that cock in her.  Shit, she didn't care anymore
about Martin's plan.  Getting Mark to fuck her was all that mattered to her
now.

      "You know," Niven said, holding her glass on the counter, taking her
hands away from her chest and offering Mark a totally unhindered view of her
shirt-covered breast mounds.  "Talking here is really not as much fun as it
could be."

      "Hmmmmmm?" Mark was still lost in the trance her totally shameless beauty
cast over his slightly liquor dimmed mind.

      "Well... I don't live too far from here.  Right across the street, as a
matter of fact.  Suppose we take a little walk and get to know each other a
little better."

      "Across the street?" Mark said, blinking his eyes several times to clear
his head.  That was really nice.  There was only one apartment building on the
whole block, and it would be nice to have this cunt living right in his own
building.  That would really give Kate something to think about.

      "Sure.  Come on," Niven said, slipping from her stool.  "I feel a lot
more comfortable in my own place."

      She started to walk out the door, and Mark, after finishing his drink,
hurried after her.  The bar tender watched them with increasing interest.  That
blonde pussy really knew how to get what she wanted, almost as though she had
been planning this.  If there was anything the bartender liked, it was women
who knew what they wanted and weren't afraid to go out and get it.  Women's Lib
had done some pretty stupid things, but thank God for things like that!

      Mark followed behind Niven, watching her ass sway from side to side. Her
hips moved with incredible grace, and her jeans, so tight that they looked as
though they were painted on, moved with her.  He focused on the
delightful-looking crack of her firm-fleshed buttocks, seeing that they were
firm and hard.  In the back of his mind he remembered that he was a married man
and should just tell this cunt that.  With all the problems he was having with
Kate, he sensed that the last thing he needed to do was add to them.  He even
toyed with the idea that he would just go to Niven's apartment and talk.  In
fact, as they entered the building, he had convinced himself that that was
exactly what was going to happen.  He would just talk to her.  She seemed like
the kind of person who would understand what had happened to him.  He wondered
if he had told her that he was married, but he couldn't remember.  Well, he
would just start off the conversation by telling her that his wife didn't
understand him.  At least then, she would see that he was married, and would
know why he wouldn't fuck her.

      God!  His cock was spasming again.  He stood next to her in the elevator,
not noticing which button she had pushed.  While she didn't have her arm around
him, she was still standing so close to him that she seemed to want to blend
into his body.  The softness and warmth of her flesh was clearly transmitted to
him through her several layers of clothing, making him wish that he wasn't
married.  Yes, fucking her would be really something.

      He was shocked when the elevator doors opened and he found that he was on
his own floor.  A wave of guilt washed over him, and he nervously looked down
both ends of the halls, checking to see if his wife was out. She wasn't, but he
could almost feel her presence as he walked past his apartment door.

      His shock and guilt increased when he noticed that Niven had stopped at
the door right next to his own.  Having her live in the same building was
nice... but right next door?  For a moment he thought that perhaps he should
just tell her to forget the whole thing.  He was about to when she opened up
her door and motioned him in.

      "Just make yourself at home," she said, setting her keys down on a small
table.  "Can I get you something to drink?  It's cheaper here than across the
street, and a lot nicer."

      "Niven..." Mark said, smiling, trying to say something that would make
her realize that things had gone a little too far already.  If he weren't so
close to his own apartment, he wouldn't have felt so jumpy, but this was too
much of a coincidence.  Having a nice looking ready to fuck woman like Niven
just on the other side of his walls was really asking for trouble, and while
Mark didn't mind excitement, this was really stretching things far.  Kate would
definitely find out about Niven.  There was no way he would be able to hide
anything he did.  Better to cut it off right here and now.

      But Niven either didn't hear him or didn't want to.  Mark took a seat on
her couch and watched her as she went into the kitchen to pour the both of them
a drink.  Just looking at her move in her cat-like way weakened his resolve,
and he decided that he would just play the thing out.  After all, she could
come on to him all she wanted, but he was certain that he could resist.

      His cock was really painfully swollen in his pants, and he knew that once
he had bowed out gracefully from this situation, he would swallow all his pride
and fuck the living daylights out of Kate.  At least then, maybe things would
work out between them.  That had been the cause of their problems... his
thinking that he didn't have enough time to fuck her this morning.  He almost
laughed as he thought of what his wife would say if she caught him fucking
another woman after what had happened today.

      "What's so funny, love?" Niven said as she took a seat next to him on the
couch.  Mark was pleasantly drunk, and thinking about his wife had occupied his
mind enough so that he hadn't really paid too much attention to Niven's leaning
forward.

      "Oooohhh... nothing," he told her as he took the drink she offered.

      Niven sipped on hers and decided that things were moving just a little
too slow.  Martin had told her that being the least bit subtle was totally
unnecessary.  He had told her to pull all the stops and not worry about the
consequences.  Up to this point she had been keeping to the form and playing
the game, but Mark was in her apartment now, and he appeared to be just a
little apprehensive.  She sensed that he was also slightly uncomfortable being
so close to his own apartment, even though for some reason he hadn't told her
that he lived right next door.  There was no way he could know that she already
knew that, so she assumed that he was just waiting for a good time to tell her.

      And she wasn't going to let him do that.  She had been on the attack ever
since she had sat next to him in the bar, and she wasn't going to let up now.

      The slightly drunk husband drank from his glass, feeling as though he
were regaining control of himself.  Now that he was so close to his own
apartment, he could tell Niven that this little game had to come to an end.
Damn, he thought to himself.  If only she lived on another street. Having the
proverbial "other woman" not only living in the same building but living in the
next apartment was really asking for trouble.  The time had come to level with
Niven here and now.

      But as this thought flashed to his mind, he found himself staring at the
beaming face of Niven, at the all-encompassing sex that seemed to drip from
every inch of her luscious skin, the full rich softness of her firm, high
breasts.  Shit!  He'd like to tweak her nipples into erection, take each one in
his mouth and roll it around and around with his tongue.

      Again he felt his cock jerk into sudden, instant hardness, as though it
were alive, straining for release from its cloth prison.  He sighed deeply,
taking a deep breath to tell Niven that she was really a nice person, but that
he didn't want to do anything... well, tell her that he couldn't do anything.
His eyes went to Niven's face.

      She was looking directly at the bulge in his pants.

      "Uuuuuummmmmm... I like a man who has an erection like that," she said,
knowing that she would shock him so much that he wouldn't have a chance to
think.

      She was right.  Mark's mouth fell nearly to the floor!

      "I... I... I..." he stammered, feeling his face turning a beet red.

      "I'll bet you want to put that big hard cock in me, don't you," she
breathed.  "You want to put that cock of yours right between my legs and fuck
me, right?"

      "Jesus," Mark hissed, feeling his strength leave him.  Her timing was
perfect.  He could hear his mental voice telling her that something like that
was out of the question, but he couldn't make the words form in his mouth.  He
could have handled her if she had just made the suggestion that they go to bed
or something, but the graphic blatantness of her words took all the wind out of
him.  He had never been seduced like that, and her words threw him completely
off balance.  His balls began to ache from the presence of quickly gathering
sperm.  He needed to do something.  He needed to fuck, and even though his wife
was so close to him, he couldn't find the strength to just get up and leave.
Niven's lovely round face held him to his seat as securely as if he had been
chained.

      The young blonde girl leaned close to him, and he could feel her hot
breath on his cheek, like the scorching air from a branding iron.  She touched
his knee lightly, and her fingers seemed to burn him through the cloth.  "Well,
love?" she asked with raised eye-brows.  "Wouldn't you like to fuck me?"

      "Niven... there 's something... something..." he tried to tell her that
he was married, but she broke in.

      "My cunt's on fire right this minute, and the only thing that will make
it feel better is a big, hard cock.  A big hard cock like this one."

      And with that she reached out and touched his pulsating, cloth-encased
penis!

      The young husband nearly leapt off the couch to the electric reaction of
her fingers on his swollen, throbbing member.  Niven cooed softly as she
lightly traced her fingers along its searing length.  She inched her hips
closer to his, pressing her breasts lightly against his arm.  Then she leaned
over and found his jaw line with her lips, tracing a pattern upward along her
cheek.  Her fiery pointed tongue lashed out like a whip against his skin,
freezing Mark in his sitting position while her hand pressed harder down in his
greatly swollen penis.

      "Niven... I... we... this... you don't understand..."

      His words were barely audible, and Niven ignored them completely.
Obviously Mark didn't suspect that, in not fucking his wife when he had the
chance, he too was more ready and eager to relieve himself.

      "You want to fuck me, don't you?" Niven asked in a mesmeric voice. "You
want to fuck me, and I want to fuck you too.  Why do you think you're here?"

      Mark thought quickly.  He really hadn't wanted to fuck her, he decided.
He had just wanted someone to be with, and she had made herself available.  He
wanted to tell her that, hoping that she would believe it.

      "You want to fuck me... you want to fuck me... you want to fuck me..."
she droned on, moving her hand over and over along his painfully throbbing
cock, punctuating her words.

      "No... no... I can't... I... Christ, yes... yes..."

      Mark couldn't help himself.  In the back of his mind, he could see his
wife watching him, but he put her out of his thoughts as he twisted his head
and found Niven's lips with his own.  The young blonde squealed her delight as
her hand moved faster and faster along his turgid shaft, and she sucked and
nibbled at his tongue, swirling her own around and around in his mouth, keeping
up her attack by darting her tongue into his mouth and them withdrawing it in
the rhythm of fucking with her remaining the aggressor.  Without thinking,
Mark's hand moved slowly up along the smooth side of Niven's body and pressed
against her left breast, his fingers squeezing and kneading the soft, hot
pliant flesh, then dipping inside her shirt to unbutton the garment and draw it
away, exposing one naked breast with its lust-hard nipple and dark pink
aureole.  He could feel the wetness from the seminal fluid which had seeped
from the gland at the hard tip of his cock as she continued to massage him
through his pants.

      Then, suddenly, with his fingers kneading the soft resilient flesh of her
round, firm breast and his massive erect cock jerking nearly out of control,
the full impact of what he was doing blasted into his mind.

      Christ!  There was no way Kate wouldn't know what he had done!  She would
find out!  She really wasn't all that stupid!  Living next to the woman he was
fucking instead of his wife was just foolishness!

      He pulled himself desperately from Niven, yanking his mouth away from
hers and turning his body away from here so that her hand left his bulging
cock.  His face was flushed with his desperate attempt to regain control over
himself.  He averted his eyes from the lovely blonde woman.

      "What's the matter?" she asked coyly.  "Don't tell me... let me guess.
You're a married man, and you're worried about what your wife might think."

      Mark opened his mouth.  He was going to say something like that, and he
was certain that, now that at least part of the truth was out, she would
understand and just let him leave.  He started to add that he was her next-door
neighbor, but she smiled at him the way she had been smiling all evening...
coyly, seductively, teasingly.

      "I'd say you don't have much of a wife if you were sitting all alone in a
bar after a hard day at the office," she observed.  "Besides, I've felt enough
of that nice penis of yours to know that there's plenty of you to go around."

      "No..." he said, his throat dry and rasping, "I can't.  Kate would... I
mean..."

      "I don't care about your wife, and neither should you.  I just want you
to fuck me... fuck me... fuck me..."

      "NO!" he shouted, a surge of strength rushing through him, enabling him
to jump from the couch.  His heart was hammering in his chest, and he was aware
that his cock was still seeping hot droplets of pre-cum into his pants.  He
started walking to the door, seeing that he had to get away. There was no way
he could make this woman understand everything.  Not now! Maybe tomorrow he
would be able to talk to her.

      He was half-way across the room when he heard the low, throaty voice of
Niven calling him.

      "Where are you going, Big Fellow?"

      He turned around to tell her that he was her neighbor, his last ditch
effort to make her see how impossible this whole thing was, but when he saw
her, his words froze in his throat.

      Niven had quickly shed her clothes, and was presenting him with a totally
shameless view of her naked body.

      If Mark had thought before that she was lovely, he could see that he had
underestimated her.  Niven had tossed her shirt to the other side of the room
and was standing in the puddle of her jeans with her legs spread wide apart,
her head and shoulders pulled back, her hands knuckled at him, her mouth parted
and her tiny pink tongue playing a peek-a-boo between her lush, full lips.  The
moist, petal-like, golden fringed flanges of her cunt were presented lustfully,
unabashedly, to his eyes, and the yellow triangle of her cuntal mound glistened
with the thick drops of moisture that had seeped out from between her pussy
lips.  Her high, smoothly rounded breasts quivered with an internal vibration,
the nipples hard and distended.  Her shamelessly slim thighs were moist with
the flowing juices of her passion-flowered vaginal opening.

      "Now... why are you standing there?  I want you to come here and fuck
me."

      "Niven..." was all he could say.  His mind, already slowed with his
drinking, refused to form a coherent train of thought, and he could only stare
at her.  His cock began its maddening pulsations again.

      Slowly, deliberately, Niven lowered her hands, her eyes sparkling with
her seething passion, and pressed her fingertips to her golden curling pubic
mound, slowly inching her hands up along her inner thighs, her fingers
glistening as they became coated with the river of moisture that was washing
from her cuntal sluice.  When her hands reached the pink, hotly throbbing slit
between her legs, she placed the thumb and forefinger of one hand on either
side of the soft, shining lips and spread them apart, revealing the fully
hardened bud of her trembling clitoris to the young husband's lust-ridden gaze.
With her other forefinger, she traced up her cuntal slit until she made contact
with the quivering, blood-hard bud.  She tweaked at it, increasing the flow of
her cuntal lubrication down her inner thighs, making them sheen as though they
had been carefully polished.  Then her middle finger went lower until it poised
at the lips of her vagina, then slipped easily inside all the way to the palm
of her hand.  She pulled it out slowly, and re-inserted it. pulled it out...
slid it in, finger-fucking herself with glazed-eyed abandon.  Her hand moved
faster and faster, her finger sliding in and out of her pussy sheath, causing
her hips to roll and twist with the shivers of delight she was bringing to
herself.  Then she began to talk to Mark again, making her voice as seductive
and hypnotic as she could.

      "My finger is not as nice as your cock, love.  I want to feel your cock
in my cunt.  I can feel my fingers anytime, and I know my hand isn't as nice as
your big, hard, hot penis."

      Mark had known some pretty forward women, but no one that was that
blatant.  Her words lashed his mind into a swirling frenzy that made thought
impossible.  Christ!  He didn't know why she was so eager for him, but it was
too late to think about that now.  He had to have her.  His will to remain
faithful to his wife vanished.  He only knew the wild, burning heat in his
pulsing cock and his balls.  This seething cunt in front of him... DAMN!  He
was going to fuck her all right.  There had never been any doubt that she
wanted it, and now she was going to get it!

      As though making this decision took all his worries away, Mark walked to
her, his hands outstretched, his fingers ready to feel the soft smoothness of
her flesh.

      When she saw that he was coming to her, she stopped her finger fucking.
Martin had told her that she might have to resort to something drastic like
this.  Not that she had minded very much.  She moved her cum-soaked hand up to
him and began unbuttoning his shirt as she strained forward, loving the way his
hands were instantly playing with the lust-swollen orbs of her breasts.  She
slipped her fingers inside his shirt to tangle with the hairs on his chest,
then slipped them further down to unzipper his fly, gasping with delight like a
child with a new toy as his frenzied cock leapt into view, already turgid with
arousal and passion.

      "Uuuuuummmmmmm... I can hardly wait..." Niven moaned, her body swaying
with ecstasy as she gave herself to Mark's caresses.  She knew she had won over
him, and she was going to reap the harvest of Martin's carefully laid plan.

      Mark couldn't think of anything but the warm succulent body offered to
him... literally thrown at him.  Having given in to the demands that his cock
had been making on him made it possible for him to truly enjoy the total sex
she possessed.  His boss, his job, and especially his wife... all his worries
slid off his shoulders as he sank to the floor, soft with the thickness of the
wall to wall carpet, the teasing young blonde neighbor clasped securely in his
arms.

      He felt himself taking possession of her, and he covered her luscious
body with hot, eager kisses, feeling his cock swell and grow as it bobbed
between his legs.  His hands were searching, probing between the slender
columns of her pulsing pussy, caressing the velvety folds with passionate
hunger, noting how moist her vagina was, her lubricants seeping out of her
tantalizing cuntal orifice.

      Her hands reached down and circled the thick circumference of his
throbbing cock, pressuring it tightly, sending shudders of raw pleasure searing
up and down the length of his back, exciting him beyond belief. SHIT!  He could
tell right away that this woman would know how to fuck!

      There was the hot, soft invitation of her delectable young cunt, pink and
fragile, the petal-shaped opening glistening a chiffony rose, surmounted by the
reddish tip of her already excitedly rising little clitoris, and framed by the
shimmering yellow halo of silky, tightly kinked curls.  He couldn't wait much
longer.  Her finger-fucking had aroused him almost to the point of cumming, and
he wanted more than anything to ram his heavy, blood-laden penis home in her
tight little cunt.  Nothing was going to stop him now.

      "Oooooohhhhhh...  Fuck me from the back," Niven pleaded suddenly, turning
over abruptly on her belly and presenting him the milk-white orbs of her firm,
hard ass-cheeks.  Instinctively, his hands went out and kneaded the pliant
flesh, grasping her firmly by the hips and raising her up until she was on her
knees.  His eyes stared hypnotized at the tantalizing globes, smooth and
pear-shaped without flaw, and unerringly, he guided the thick shaft of his cock
towards the faint glimmer of moist flesh visible below the graceful curve of
her ass.

      In her mind, this was almost the same as being fucked by Siegfried, and
all the more thrilling to Niven for that.  She did as she would have done with
her beloved dog... reached back and grabbed his hardened penis in her slender
fingers to guide it toward the twitching entrance of her hungry cunt.  Mark,
his hands digging into the soft, resilient dough of her buttocks, could stand
it no longer, and with a heave, he slammed forward and planted his towering
penis half-way up the wet, slippery channel of her naked, seething pussy.

      "Uuuuuuuuuu ggggg hhhhhhh mmmmmm... oooooooo hhhhhhh..." Niven moaned as
she felt her cuntal passage flowering open to accept his deep thrust.  He
continued to slide forward, feeling the soft willing walls of her vagina slip
around his engorged penis like a wet, velvet glove, until he finally hit
bottom, the hard rubbery head of his cock touching the sensitive membrane of
her cervix, and his contracting balls wedging neatly beneath the whitely
rounded spheres of her backside.

      "Aaaaaaahhhhhhh... ooooooohhhhh..." Niven sighed again, feeling replete
with his masculinity, completely impaled on his lust-inflated penis.  She could
feel the crisp dark curls of his pubic thatch tickling the soft skin of her
ass, and she knew that he had sunk every millimeter of his cock in her depths.
She knew she had been right to go through so much trouble to get him to fuck
her.  The feeling of his penis in her cunt from behind like this was sheer
bliss, and to think... he lived right next door.  She could have him any time
she wanted.  The near wicked sordidness of having an affair with a married man
who lived less than twenty feet from here really appealed to her.  It was a
liberating feeling, and Niven had liberated herself a long time ago!

      Slowly, Mark began to withdraw, easing his bloated shaft out of her soft
welcoming depths, until just the head was wedged between the resilient moons of
her buttocks, before ramming forward again, almost overturning Niven with the
strength of his thrust.

      "... Ooooooo gggggg hhhhhhh nnnn  . ." she gasped again, "that's
lovely... ooohhh... that's beautiful... lovely..."

      Mark began to move his heavy penis inside her, rotating it gently,
feeling the responsive throb of her inner pussy walls as she flexed her supple
interior muscles with a clearly practiced ease.  Her cuntal muscles began a
milking, rhythmic contraction and squeezing, until he felt that he would
explode in her at any moment from the delicious pressure.

      He began to saw in and out of her, loving the way she thrust back against
him as he plunged to enter, and thrilling to the way she tightened as he pulled
out.  Not even his own wife, his own sexual creation, had been this skillful,
and Mark felt himself possessing a new and vibrant vitality.  He had lost none
of his own skill... a skill that had made him very popular with a lot of women
at his college before he had met Kate.

      His hands reached forward to squeeze the ripe melons of her breasts
hanging enticingly from her gently undulating body.  He rubbed the hardening
buds of her nipples, running them between his fingers, making her shriek with
pleasure.  In the back of his mind, something warned him that his wife would be
able to hear her shrieking, and think that something was happening to her, but
he quickly put that thought out of his mind.  There was no way his wife could
possibly know that he was fucking Niven.  There was no one in the entire world
for the cheating newly married young husband for Niven now.  No one... NO ONE
could possibly derive as much pleasure from fucking as Niven was right now, and
her enthusiasm was transmitted to him, making him experience more pleasure than
he would have dreamed possible.

      The heated pressure in his body was building up to a fever pitch, and his
furiously deep pumping increased in velocity.  Their bodies were bucking
soundly against each other, jerking and twisting and gyrating and merging as
one.

      "God... Niven... that's it... fuck back... fuck back hard... move that
ass of yours..." he gasped, his face a sweating mask of lust and passion, his
head flailing from side to side.

      "Oooohhh... you ..  . feel... soooooooo gooooooooodddd... inside...
me...!" Niven panted, her body cavorting with paroxysms of pleasure. "I'm going
to cum... I'm cumming... cumming... almost there... there... I'm... I 'm...
there... AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"

      And Niven was cumming, her buttocks waving like a flag in the wind, the
force of her spasms jerking his penis unbearably.  Her mouth was uttering
incoherent mumbles, and her shrieks were as wild and unabashed as the rest of
her vibrant way of thinking, but Mark didn't have time to consider any of this,
because he was cumming too.  A deep, harsh strangled moan escaped his throat as
he pounded his hips against Niven's thrashing buttocks with the power of a
jackhammer, and he moaned again and again as he felt the first rumblings of his
seething sperm escape the darkness of his balls and rush headlong like molten
lava into the depths of her milking vagina.  Stream after stream, like a
flooding unending river, entered her cunt from the throbbing tube of his penis,
filling the hot, slippery canal of her thirsting pussy.

      "Keep... fucking... back... fuck back... fuck back!" he hissed, his voice
hoarse with the lust he felt.  Finally, though, it was all over for him, and he
noticed, with disappointment, the last dregs of his cum-juice being drained
from him.  Finally he was satiated, and they lay against each other, his penis
deflated and flaccid, both panting, their commingled juices flowing from
Niven's pussy lips and staining the carpet below her.

      As he lay there, Mark found that he was now able to think clearly... more
clearly than he had been able since he had walked out of his next-door
apartment.  All his frustration and lust had been spent, allowing his mind to
dwell on what had just taken place.

      MY GOD!  I'VE JUST FUCKED ANOTHER WOMAN... A WOMAN WHO IS NOT MY WIFE!!!

      Even though he realized that she had all but raped him, he knew that he
should have managed to keep himself under control.  When he had made his
marriage vows, he had truly meant them, and here, at the first chance he had
had, he had merely cast them aside in favor of a few moments of pleasure.  No
matter how seductive Niven had been, there was no real reason for him to weaken
as he had.  He had married his wife because he loved her, and trying to hide
from their problems by running out, getting drunk and fucking another woman
wouldn't solve anything.

      In fact, since Niven was his next-door neighbor, it would only make
things worse.  Meeting this lovely young blonde woman again was inevitable, and
he wondered how he could look her in the face.  She had been nothing but a vent
for his lust.  That was all she was to him, and he didn't know how he would be
able to tell her that... not after what they had just done!

      He heard Niven stirring next to him, getting her strength back before he
did.

      "Are you always this quiet after you fuck?" she asked, lifting her naked
body up and looking down at him.  There was a playful smile on her face, as
though she didn't take any of this seriously.

      Mark opened his eyes and looked up at her, his face no longer contorted
with conflict or arousal, but wrinkled with worry... and a sense of guilt.

      "There... there's something I have to tell you," he said, his voice
barely above a whisper.  Now that his mind was cleared, he was actually afraid
that his wife would hear him through the walls.

      "Ooohhh... do you have a disease?" she asked, her voice sounding
strangely child-like.  For the first time since he had met her, Mark wasn't
certain about her age.  At first, she had acted and carried herself as though
she was his age... college age.

      But now he wasn't so sure.  She seemed... younger... much younger!

      "Uuuuhhh... no.  No, Niven, this might come as a shock to you..."

      "But you live in this very building?"

      Mark opened his mouth in shock.  Niven smiled teasingly, remembering that
Martin had told her to keep Mark off balance as much as she could without
telling him everything.

      "How... how did... how did you know?"

      Something wasn't right.  It hadn't really occurred to him before, but
things had fallen into place just a little too easily.  Niven had come into the
bar right behind him, and she had acted as though he were just more than a
casual pick up for her.  There had been other men in the bar, but Niven had
singled him out.  This had all the smell of a set up... but who...?  Why...?

      "Lucky guess, love," she said, enjoying the conflict that was evident in
his face.  She came to a standing position and held herself over him as he
remained on the floor.  Like most people, Mark felt a little funny now about
being naked in front of a near stranger, especially since he had just fucked
her.  But Niven was prancing around as though she were wearing a nun's habit.
Clothes or no clothes were both the same to her, and it placed her in the
superior position of command, as she had been all evening.

      "I could make some other guesses about you that would really turn that
nice brown hair white," she said teasingly as she picked up her glass from
where she had set it and began sipping on it.

      "Like what?" Mark was getting a little pissed.  She was too cock-sure of
herself... knowing something that he didn't.

      "Well... I'll bet you live right there," she said, pointing to the wall
that separated his apartment from hers.

      Mark stiffened.

      "And I'll guess... you're a newly-wed, and you and your wife have been
having a few problems.  Hard day at the office indeed."

      She was acting as though she were leading him on to something, and Mark
finally came to a standing position.  He was going to find out what was
happening here.  He walked threateningly toward Niven, rage beginning to form
in his eyes.

      "And I would guess that your wife isn't alone right now," she said,
timing her information perfectly.  Mark stopped dead in his tracks, his teeth
gritting.  She was playing games with him, and he didn't like games. He liked
everything up front so he could deal with it on a rational level.

      "Suppose you tell me just what you mean by that," he seethed between his
teeth.  His hands were clenching and unclenching in tight little balls, and
Niven's coy, child-like smile wasn't helping him any.

      "I... uh... I don't exactly live alone," Niven said with a flourish of
her hands around the apartment.  "I have... shall we say, a lover? Martin, and
he's a really nice man."

      "Yeah...  So?"

      "So he's not here at the moment, and I don't think he'll be back for a
while.  But he's not too far away.  Right next door in fact.  You really
shouldn't go away and leave your wife without fucking her when she really wants
you."

      Mark could feel his blood starting to boil.  The innuendoes she was
making her having a powerful effect on him.  He reached out to her, but she
moved cat-like away from him, his hands grabbing empty air where her throat had
been.  Niven wasn't frightened, but she sensed that she had to top off Martin's
plan fast before Mark lost all rational control.

      "You can't really blame her, after what you just did to me," she said,
calmly, evenly, softly.

      Again Mark stopped.  Visions passed through his mind... visions of Niven
sitting next to him in the bar... of him coming to her apartment with her,
trying to make himself believe that nothing was going to happen. He could see
that he had just been fooling himself.  If he didn't want anything to happen...
if he hadn't really wanted to fuck her, he would have just told her to get
lost.

      And there was another vision in his mind now... his wife, her naked body,
her long legs spread wide, her cunt throbbing and eager...

      That vision made him see red before his eyes, and he took a threatening
step toward Niven, who slowly walked to the door of her apartment.

      "You're lying," he said, hoping that, by saying that, he could believe
it.  Even now, he wasn't sure but that he was being teased and led on for some
strange reason.

      "Could be," she said, shrugging her naked, softly rounded shoulders. "But
suppose we go take a look."

      And with that she opened the door to her apartment and slipped into the
hall.  Mark stopped at the door, watching her walk the short length to his own
apartment.  She stood at his door and looked at him.

      "This is your place, I believe," she said, chuckling when Mark, uncaring
that he was as naked as she was, moved with determination through the hall.

      "Get away from there," he said roughly, pushing her aside.  He flung the
door of his apartment open, and stepped inside...

      Only to halt himself just in the door-way.

      There were two people right there in the middle of the floor... two naked
people...

      AND ONE OF THEM WAS HIS WIFE!

      SHE WAS RESTING ON HER HANDS AND KNEES, WHILE SOME TOTAL STRANGER WAS
FUCKING HIS LONG THICK COCK IN AND OUT OF HER ASS!!!

      Mark couldn't believe that Kate would actually allow another man to touch
her, let alone fuck her in her rectum.  This had to be a dream... some sort of
joke.  That couldn't be his wife there!  She had to be an impostor... an
actress hired by Niven and that creep behind her for some reason.

      "Oooohhh... fuck me in the ass hard... hard," Kate moaned, so wrapped up
in her impending orgasm that she failed to notice her husband standing some
three feet from her.

      "Looks like I was pretty good on the guessing," Niven chortled into
Mark's ear.

      "Shut up, slut," Mark said, too many things happening all at once for him
to know what to do.  He turned around to strike at Niven, more out of
frustration than hatred, but his hand motion was stopped by the high-pitched
wail of his wife crouching on the floor of his apartment.

      "Ooooohhhh... I'm cumming... I'm cumming... NOW... NOW... NOW!!! CCCC
UUUU MMMMM IIII NNN GGGG!!!"

      Mark spun around just in time to see her body flailing and thrashing, and
he was seized by a powerful determination to rush into his apartment and beat
the living shit out of both his wife and that creep behind her.

      But he couldn't move, so total was his shock, and he stared with
hate-glazed eyes as the man behind Kate increased the speed of his pumping into
her ass, his hips moving so fast that to Mark's liquor-dimmed mind they were
but a blur.

      As she cried out, Martin could feel his own body responding to her
orgasm.  He felt the white hot sperm gathering and surging in his throbbing
balls, welling up like a churning seed!

      He was cumming too!

      "AAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!" he cried, feeling himself almost ready to shoot
his mighty load like a canon into her hot steaming anus.

      "OOOOOOOHHHHHH... HERE IT COMES!!!"

      He was seized by convulsive spasms as his bulging, blood-gorged cock shot
the torrent of searing, white hot cum deep into her.  She could feel the
boiling, surging river enter her like molten steel, streaming into her loins
and seeming to spread out through her entire exploding body.  On and on it
came, a never ending rocket-load of turbulent jism.  Martin could feel it
streaming through his long penis and gushing through the rubbery head of his
cock.

      "Ooooohhhhhh... YYYYYEEEEESSS...!!!" Kate moaned.  The sensation of
having a man's semen in her ass was strange and exciting, and as it went
stinging through her stretched rectal walls, her throbbing cunt secreted its
own thick fluids as she responded to his wild moans and cries.

      Still standing at the door, Mark could no longer stand the sight of
another man fucking his wife... especially in her ass... a place where he
himself had not placed his cock.

      Forgetting that he was naked... that Niven was also naked... Mark emitted
a low, threatening snarl and stepped into his apartment, walking quickly toward
the man who was sodomizing his wife.

      "You fucking asshole," he said, his hands moving up to grip Martin's
throat.  "I ought to..."

      And the room was shattered by a low animal growl, and Mark felt the blood
leave his face as he saw the massive German shepherd slowly, but surely,
placing himself within striking range of his naked body.


                             An Animal-Loving Bride
                                   Chapter 5

      The force of her second orgasm was just too much for Kate, and as she
collapsed forward onto the floor, she allowed her head to turn to one side and
her mind to drift to some ethereal plane.  Dimly, she heard voices buzzing
around her, occasionally punctuated by the growl of an angry-sounding dog, but
she felt so wonderful that nothing mattered to her.  She lay on her heaving
belly, panting to catch her breath, totally unaware that her husband had
entered the' room and was followed by a lovely naked woman.

      But if Kate was completely out of it, Martin was in complete command of
his faculties.  Mark's initial entrance had startled him, but with Siegfried
coming to his aid, the young black-haired man quickly gathered his thoughts.
He could see that every part of his plan had worked perfectly.  Niven's lush,
naked body was still carrying the warm afterglow of her recent fucking with
Mark, and she gave her lover a little wink.

      "Well, looks like the husband has finally found out that he can't take
his wife for granted," Martin said, coming to a standing position and reaching
down to pet Siegfried.  He smiled as he watched Mark's fear-filled face stare
at the still growling dog.  "Don't tell me you're surprised that your wife let
other guys fuck her to get those things she really wants."

      Mark was having just a little trouble collecting his thoughts.  The shock
of seeing his wife being fucked in the ass by a total stranger... the nagging
feeling that he had been set up... played for a patsy by the lovely blonde girl
who had picked him up in the bar... the threatening massive beast that was in
his apartment... everything was making it hard for him to think.

      "I, uh, believe you were going to tell me what you ought to do," Martin
said, staring directly into Mark's eyes and waiting for him to come around.

      Mark was finally able to take his gaze away from the dog when he could
tell that the huge beast was under Martin's control.

      "I ought to break your neck," he said in a low, seething voice. "Just who
the hell do you think you are, coming in here and fucking my wife?"

      "Will you listen to him," Martin said, smiling at Niven.  "He wants to
know what right I have fucking his wife."  Then, turning his glance back to
Mark, he said, "Listen, jerk, don't you stand there with your cock hanging
loose next to my naked woman and ask me about my rights.  You're a married man.
Suppose you tell your wife just what you and Niven were doing in my apartment.
Playing strip poker?"

      Mark clenched his teeth.  He didn't care at that point about the dog. He
was going to wring the kid's neck, and no dog was going to stop him.

      "Kate," Martin said, moving his foot to the moaning redhead's cum-smeared
buttocks and jiggling her.  "I think it's time you woke up.  You have a
visitor."

      "Uuuuummmm?"

      "Come on, my good woman.  Your husband has come home to say hello."

      Hearing that brought Kate immediately to her senses, and she lifted her
head, her eyes wide open.

      "MARK!" she said, her pretty face flushing a bright crimson.  How could
she face her husband after all she had been through.

      Her mouth dropped open when she saw that he was as naked as she was!

      What the hell is going on here? she asked herself.

      "You fucking little slut," Mark said in a cold, hate-filled voice. "The
minute my back is turned, you put out for this creep here.  "I never dreamed
that you were nothing but a whore.  I'll bet if we lived here long enough,
you'd fuck every man in the building but me."

      "Hold on there, buddy-boy," Martin said.  "She gave you first crack at
her pussy.  You didn't want it, so don't go blaming her."

      "You keep out of this," Mark snapped.  "What happens between my wife and
me is none of your fucking business."

      "You two children woke me up this morning with your yelling," Martin said
casually, shrugging his shoulders.  "I like to get a good night's sleep and you
ruined it.  That pisses me off, so I decided to do something about it."

      "Mark... why are you naked?" Kate asked, seeing that there were four
people in the room, and all of them were naked.  She didn't like the idea that
Mark was accusing her of being a slut when he himself looked like he had just
fucked another woman.

      And that thought really hit Kate!  How could he refuse to fuck her, his
wife, and still find the time to fuck... fuck a child, for God's sake.  That
blonde girl didn't look a day over sixteen!

      "That's none of your business," Mark snapped.

      "It's every bit my business," Kate snapped back, pulling herself up and
glaring at her husband.  "You wouldn't fuck me this morning because you said
you didn't have any time.  You were soooooo tired this afternoon. All you
wanted to do was have a drink and forget about the day.  So tell me...  Why are
you naked now?"

      All the tension in the room was really getting to Siegfried.  He couldn't
tell who he should be protecting from whom.  He recognized his lovely mistress
standing naked next to some man who was yelling at the woman whose cunt he had
just licked, and the great dog decided that the strange man was the enemy of
everyone else.  He sat down next to Martin and kept his eyes fixed on Mark.

      "Well... come on, love," Niven said as she walked around from behind Mark
and stood next to Siegfried.  "Why don't you tell her where your clothes are?
Why don't you tell her how you just ripped them off because you couldn't wait
to get into my hot little pussy?  Why don't you tell her how you fucked me with
that big cock of yours."

      "Come on, Mark," Martin taunted.  "It's been so long for her that I'm
sure she's forgotten."

      And then Kate took a position next to Niven, and the three of them, plus
Siegfried, were all staring at him.  Mark couldn't believe that he was all
alone.  Was there no sanity in the world?  Was everyone against him?  Didn't
anybody understand?

      "I'll tell you something, Niven," Martin said after a moment of silence.
"I've never seen such children as these two, and I've seen some pretty stupid
people doing some pretty stupid things."

      "And I'll tell you something lover," Niven said almost absentmindedly.
"Mark really fucks pretty good.  I would think that Kate could hold off for his
cock.  I really can't blame her for weakening to Siegfried.  She did weaken, I
gather."

      "Are you kidding?  All he did was touch his tongue to her cunt and she
was off and running."

      "MARTIN!" Kate was shocked.  Up to this point, she had been feeling very
self-righteous.  Twice her husband had walked out on her after she had tried
her best, and seeing him naked with another woman had made the young wife feel
totally justified that she had let Martin fuck her in the ass.  But now her
husband knew about how she had let Siegfried lick her to orgasm.

      "You mean... you and... and that dog..." Mark couldn't believe that his
wife would actually do something like that.  What had happened to that meek,
almost shy woman he had married?

      "Oh, knock it off, will you?" Martin said, his voice betraying a great
deal of boredom.  "You and that wife of yours love each other. Otherwise, the
two of you wouldn't be so shocked by what the other did. Niven and I set this
whole thing up.  I figured that the two of you needed a little outside help,
for God's sake.  I was right.  Now don't go pissing everything away by worrying
about what happened less than an hour ago. The time has come for the two of you
to make up."

      "After what she did..." Mark started.

      "After what he did..." Kate said at the same time.

      "Mark... why don't you just suck your wife's cunt?" Martin suggested.  "I
have a sneaking suspicion that if you gave her what she really wants, you won't
have anything to worry about with her fucking all the men in the building."

      Both husband and wife were shocked by the blatancy of his words. "You
mean... right here... now...? Suck my wife's pussy... with everyone watching?"

      "That's exactly what I mean," Martin said."  I set this whole thing up
because I wanted to see the two of you get back together, and I'm not going to
leave until that happens.  Of course, if you don't want to supply your wife
with the fucking she needs, I'd be more than willing to stand in for you."

      Martin meant every word of that.  He never bluffed, and to prove it, he
reached out and ran his hand lightly over Kate's right breast, letting his
fingers open and close around the succulent flesh of her passion-swelling orb.

      "You keep your hands off her," Mark said quickly.  "I... I can take care
of my own wife."

      "Then prove it," Martin said.  "Get down and suck her.  This I have to
see."

      Kate and Mark looked at each other, not exactly knowing how to start.
Mark had licked Kate's cunt before, on the honeymoon.  But that had been when
they were all alone in the hotel room.  Doing something like that with so many
people watching...

      "Get down on the floor, Kate," Martin instructed.  "Make it a little
easier for him.  Shit, woman, you were complaining that he didn't fuck you.
What the hell are you waiting for?"

      "Well... there's you and..."

      "Just do it and quit bitching," Niven said, looking at Mark for a moment
and then returning her attention to Siegfried, who was watching the proceedings
attentively.  There were two naked women in the room, and his sense of smell
could tell that both of them were aroused.  He wondered which one he would get
a chance to fuck!

      Seeing that there was really nothing to stop her, Kate took the
incentive.  She lowered herself and stretched out languorously on the floor,
her soft round buttocks digging into the rug, her arms stretched high above her
head.  Mark fell to his knees beside her, and after regarding her for a moment,
he let his hands begin to roam hotly over her exposed body.  He felt like such
a fool for running out on her like he had.  The more he thought about it, the
more sense Martin made.  Why shouldn't he lick his wife's cunt with other
people watching?  It was pretty obvious that there were no secrets among the
little gathering, not after all he had seen.  In a moment, he managed to mold
his wife's body into twitching desire.

      Kate felt spasmodic jolts of pleasure ripple through her as the air of
the room played over her feverish flesh.  She felt Mark's strong hands close
over her buttocks from underneath, then slip up to her thighs, drawing them
apart, lifting up the plane of her pubis like a lascivious chalice.  His
fingertips slid freely into the red jungle of her cuntal mound, and he wormed
them into her willing vagina, sending her into further spasms of delight.  She
was responding to him, her whole body twisting and jerking as he teased her
lovingly between her wide-spread thighs.  It suddenly made no difference that
there were two other people in the room.  She had her husband back, and that
was all that mattered.

      Changing his approach, Mark withdrew his hands, then slowly, gently, drew
them over the flat plane of her abdomen, kneading the smoothly pliant flesh as
though he were exploring her for the first time, before descending once more
into the ever-moistening red curls of her pubic fleece.  He stretched out his
middle finger and teased it along the length of her moistly welcoming cuntal
furrow.

      "Oooooohhhhh... aaaaahhhh..." Kate moaned in a long, soft abandoned
manner.  She groaned again, her body slowly jackknifing under his caressing.
Pinwheels of light flashed in the backs of her eyes.

      Mark looked for a moment away from the glistening slit of his wife's
cunt, his eyes pleading with Martin to leave, so he could be alone with his
wife.  There were so many things that had to be said.  He could fuck her later,
he reasoned, after the air between them had been cleared.

      Martin seemed to know what was running through Mark's mind, though, and
he merely smiled, his own penis getting larger and swollen.  Absent mindedly,
he reached out and circled his arm around Niven, pulling her blonde nakedness
tight against his powerful frame.

      Seeing that Martin and Niven were going to be staying around until he
finished with his wife, he returned his attention to Kate.  He gazed at her
nakedness as though he were in deep meditation.  His thumbs moved against the
swollen outer lips of her pussy and slowly pressed the soft, hair-fringed lips
apart.  He studied the ragged delicate edges of the moist pink flesh as though
he were seeing it for the first time as they trembled to the pulse-beat of her
aroused desire.  He could see the burgeoning knob of her clitoris, palpitating
to an anxious rhythm between the fleshy protective lips.  Below it was the pale
star guarding the entrance to her seething velvet passage.  His mouth hung
loose as he gazed with increasing interest at his wife's eagerly awaiting
pussy.  How could he have been such a fool, he wondered?  Not even Niven's
sweet pussy, with all its blonde beauty and experience, could match the
delightfulness of the vagina of the woman he had married.

      Then he rose up and suddenly enclosed one delicate bud of her breast in
his mouth, licking and savoring its passionate hardness and swirling it around
and around with his tongue, bringing moan after moan from Kate.  He removed his
mouth and smiled lovingly at her, wanting her to know that he would forgive her
if she would forgive him.  She was not looking at him though.  She was already
letting her body become lost in the glowing pleasures her husband was finally
bringing her.  Seeing that she had already forgotten about his one
transgression, he enclosed the other breast nipple in his mouth and teased it
to the same hardness as the first before trailing his lips down along the flat
stretch of her torso between the deep-clefted valley of her luscious mounds.
He stopped for a lingering moment at her navel to probe and stab the tiny
aperture with his darting tongue.  Then he moved lower still until he was
poised over her moist, quivering cuntal mound.

      Kate was tense with excitement.  This is what she had wanted him to do
this morning... and this evening when he had come home from work. Even though
she knew she was being watched, she didn't care.  She was going to have her
husband back, and that was all that mattered to her. Even the wonderful
cunt-licking Siegfried had given her vanished from her mind as she closed her
eyes and gritted her teeth with ecstatic anticipation.

      Mark settled down on his knees between her smooth widespread thighs, his
fingers opening and closing in the flesh of her trim, shapely legs, his eyes
fixed on the dripping pink blossom of her cunt.  He too was smiling in
anticipation.

      And then he darted out with his tongue, giving her a clean, searing swipe
all along the quivering slit of her shivering vagina.

      "OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH...!" she moaned as his long tongue slapped at her,
probed and searched in her trembling slit.  There was no doubt in her mind.
Even with two total strangers watching, her husband's tongue on her cunt was
wildly exciting.  Visions of the time they had spent together in their
honeymoon room flashed through her brain, and she knew that she was going to
relive those pleasures.

      Mark's lingual assault gathered in intensity as he sensed that she no
longer cared about the audience.  His tongue began long, slow sweeping strokes
along the juicy split of her greedily pulsating cunt.  His lips were nipping
and pulling at the stray wisps of her flaming pubic hair, bringing moan after
passionate moan from her parted lips.  He thrust his tongue into the smooth
membrane of her deepest secret folds, teasing at the soft, fleece-rimmed lips
that guarded the burning channel of her cunt. His teeth inserted themselves
through the swollen pussy lips and bit at the warm wet layers inside while he
inhaled the deep heady aromas of her flowering womanhood.

      He continued to slaver ecstatically at Kate's hungering pussy, wringing a
delirium of incredible sensations from the electrified zone of her loins.  This
was no cheap pick up, as Niven had been.  This was his wife... the woman he
loved, and he could see now that he had been acting like a child that morning.

      His mouth dived into her cunt, making loud sucking noises that seemed to
fill the entire apartment.  Kate's hands were already clutching at his hair,
the way she clutched there when he had first done this to her.  She was pulling
his head tighter and tighter against her pulsing, throbbing clitoris as she
shrieked out in unabashed joy as he surrounded the tiny knob with his teeth,
holding it delicately.  He ran the tip of his agile tongue round and round,
over and under the near bursting organ, causing her to shake and flail her legs
with the massive tremors sweeping through her body.

      This was better than she could have hoped.  Even though there were no
words passing between them, Kate knew what her husband was thinking.  This was
his way of telling her that he forgave her for letting Martin fuck her in the
ass.  He was bringing her so much pleasure now that he couldn't be telling her
anything else.  And he was also telling her how sorry he was for leaving her
alone when she wanted him... needed him.

      Mark stretched his mouth down, sticking his tongue along the smooth
lubricated furrow to the throbbing delicate opening of her vagina.  He began to
orally fuck her in earnest, harder and faster, slipping the hot stiffness of
his tongue into her voraciously clasping hole, relishing the excitedly flowing
pussy juices, hearing her whimpering as he swirled his tongue labial member
around the velvet-lined chamber of her cuntal orifice.  His hands slipped
beneath her desperately pumping thighs and pulled them farther apart until they
were flung high over his hunched down shoulders.  Her entire pubic area was
leaning towards his churning face, a soft, seething offering to his passion.
Kneading the doughy white buttocks, he strained them apart as he thrust his
invading tongue once more in the melted flesh of her cunt.

      Kate's demented screams of animal joy echoed through the room, blasting
at the ears of Martin, Niven and Siegfried, who was certain that any moment now
he would get a chance to mount the passionately squirming woman.

      "GOD!  OOOOHHH GOD!" she wailed again and again as her husband's lashing
tongue whipped and seared like a hungry child's between her open thighs.

      Then his tongue left her burning cuntal channel and trailed downwards
toward the tiny puckered ring of her anus.  Her breath was ragged now. She
fought for air in great gulps, moaning in rapture.  She rocked her pelvis up
against his rattling tongue as high as she could bring it, forcing it into
searing wet contact with her still-cum flooded anal passage.

      Kate's body danced and shook uncontrollably now under his lascivious
assault.  Torrent after torrent of wild unleashed sensual joy ran riot through
her entire being.

      Mark drooled and licked and sucked, worming his saliva-slicked tongue far
up into her now rhythmically flexing rectum, reveling in the gyrations of her
lust-contorted body.  He knew that she had passed beyond caring that there were
people watching, just as he had.  She was drawing near a mind bending climax,
and he was proud that he was the one bringing it to her.

      "Oooohhh... MARK!  MARK!  Your tongue... it's driving me crazy.  I love
it licking my cunt and shoved up into my asshole!"

      He began to establish an insistent rhythm, driving his tongue deeper and
harder... deeper and harder into the tiny clenched lips of her rectum, and then
suddenly pulled it away to return to her glistening, soaking vaginal slit and
the wispy soft hairs around her pulsating cunt lips.

      Looking up momentarily, he saw her sweat-drenched breasts framing her
beautifully grimacing face, her mouth flung open in distorted passion. Dropping
his head, he returned his tongue to its task, and he knew that he was driving
her out of her mind from the oral fucking he was giving her.

      Still standing and watching them, Martin and Niven were also aroused by
the sights and sounds of the cunt sucking Mark was giving his lovely wife.

      "I think it's about time we taught the two of them just a little more,
don't you?" Martin said, looking at Niven's lovely nakedness.  He could see
that her breast nipples had become hard and distended, and his cock was jutting
out from his dark haired loins at a painfully acute angle.  His heavy balls
were aching from the load of semen forming there, and he knew that he would
have to do something about that... and fast!

      "What did you have in mind, love?" Niven asked.

      "Something that can take care of the both of us," he told her. "Suppose
you get that cunt of yours over Kate's face.  There's no reason why she and her
husband should have all the fun, now is there?"

      "No reason that I can think of," Niven grinned.  She took the several
steps toward Kate's face, followed closely by Siegfried.

      "You stay out of this one," she cautioned her dog.  "There's more going
on here than you'll ever understand."

      Even though his animal loins were aching, the fucking he had given Kate a
little while ago had left him somewhat satisfied, and he did as his mistress
told him.

      Niven glanced at Martin and shrugged her softly rounded shoulders. He
indicated that she should get on with it.

      Kate writhed on the rug, mewling incessantly, tossing beneath Mark's
insanely slobbering tongue until she was certain she would lose her mind from
the sheer sexual pleasure.  Her hungry, greedy cunt lips crawled and nibbled
over his liquid-smeared face.  Her thighs clamped tight on his wet skin,
holding his head in her vise of hotly demanding flesh.

      Suddenly, Kate's perspiring, lust-contorted face was enveloped by a soft,
wet tickling mass of flesh pressing down on her, covering her nose and mouth
and rubbing insistently against her.  For a moment confusion reigned and then
with a sudden dawning she realized...

      That woman her husband had fucked was straddling her face!  She had
planted her wet open pussy on her mouth!  It was grasping, eager, demanding to
be licked, just as Kate's own vagina was being caressed orally by her husband!

      For a moment, Kate didn't know what to do, and then, suddenly,
instinctively, her tongue shot out and she tasted, for the first time in her
life, the flowing cuntal fluids of another woman.  Her hands slid up, reaching
under the girl's slender thighs and digging into her wet, golden fleece.  She's
a real blonde all right, Kate thought in the back of her mind as her tongue set
to work diligently on the throbbing pink flesh rimming her nose and mouth.
Mark was still swirling his tongue maddeningly around inside her own cunt,
shooting tidal waves of pleasure up the length of her body, and she in turn
began to transmit the mad licking from below to a new goal, to the searing
demanding flesh of another woman's cunt.

      Martin let Niven get herself settled for a moment, and then he walked up
to her, holding his massively swollen penis with one hand.

      "How's she doing, cunty love?" he asked, smiling when he saw that Niven
was already swept up in the throes of rapture.  "Suppose you take care of this
cock of mine while your pussy is being licked."

      Niven opened her eyes and stared at the thickly veined cock being held up
to her face.  She reached out with her hands to caress the huge pulsating
hardness, low crooning sounds of animal pleasure emerging from her throat as
she felt it jerk and throb.  She was delighted that she was going to get a
chance to suck his penis again.  He had been so busy planning everything that
the whole day had gone by without her fucking her after the morning.

      The young blonde shifted her weight so she was kneeling comfortable, then
lowered her face toward Martin's long erect cock.  Her golden hair brushed
against his legs as her little pink tongue darted out to lick the small pearl
of moisture from the glans of his stiffened penis, and to swirl in quick wet
circles around the exposed red cockhead.

      "Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh..." Martin groaned, starting to undulate his
hips up against her face.  "Yeah... suck it good... suck my cock real good," he
hissed.

      The young blonde girl began to lick over the entire length of his pungent
tasting cock.  The distinctive male odor rising to meet her face filled her
with abandoned delight, and she lowered her face to gently mouth the
lust-bloated hairy sac of his testicles.

      Then a blissful moan escaped Niven's lips as she ovalled her mouth and
enclosed Martin's swollen penis in her warm, wet cavern.  Hungrily, she sucked
at the stiffened length of his cock, drawing it as deep as it would go until
her whole throat was stuffed with he hard male flesh.  She ran her tongue
teasingly around the warm, bloated glans, delighting in the way his wild jerks
were pressing the head of his cock against the back of her throat.  Her lips
were painfully strained... Martin must have been really aroused to have his
cock so swollen this time, and she was glad for the subtle drawn out agony
which only served to heighten her own passion. Grinding her eagerly quivering
vagina tighter against Kate's sucking mouth, she began to tease her lover's
pulsing penis by nibbling gently up and down the entire length of the
blood-engorged shaft.

      So much was happening that Kate couldn't comprehend it all.  She looked
up and around Niven's thighs to see that the young girl had taken into her
mouth the whole of Martin's thick, hard cock, and the sight aroused her more
than she would have thought possible.  She licked and sucked blindly at the
tightly grinding pussy above her, tasting the flowing lubrication, slapping and
darting her tongue in a new-found ecstasy of oral stimulation.  She shifted her
gaze so she could see the swelling tip of the young girl's clitoris as it
nestled between the thin protective lips.  She discovered the small star-like
hole guarding the cuntal entrance and plunged her tongue into it, making the
other woman moan with delight around the mouth filling cock she was sucking.
She swept her tongue along the full length of Niven's crotch, diving into her
wet folds, traveling into her softly waving pubic curls.

      Martin couldn't see what Kate was doing to Niven, but he could tell what
effect it was having on the blonde girl.  She was sucking his penis with an
intensity he had never known from her before.

      "Shhhhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttt... like that... like that... you suck my
cock so gooooooooood..." he groaned, driven almost out of his mind by the
shuddering waves of pleasure that shot through his body as Niven's sharp little
teeth sank into his aching, throbbing penis.

      Niven locked her ovalled lips as tight as she could around the huge rod
of male flesh plunging up into her mouth.  Her tongue felt the urgent pulsing
of the swollen veins on the underside of his excitedly thrusting penis, and she
knew his orgasm was only moments away.  She wanted him to hurry.  She could
feel her own climax coming on with the force of an earthquake, and she
desperately wanted to cum when he did.

      Down below, though she was only vaguely aware that she was bringing it
about, Kate was doing her best to make Niven cum at the same time as Martin.
Lingering over the tiny red tip of the young girl's wildly excited clitoris,
she grasped it expertly between her teeth and teased it, swirling it around and
around with her wanton tongue.  She was reveling in her new power, the strange
unexpected pleasure of giving excitement to another woman.  She heard Niven
sighing and moaning around the cock that was deeply implanted in her mouth and
she continued to lick and suck at the tender flesh.  It tasted wonderfully
delightful.  It was incredible, the feelings that were engendered in her by
being sucked between her legs by her husband while she herself slavered at
another woman's cunt.

      And that woman was sucking on a man's cock!

      She was part of a wild foursome of nakedly writhing bodies, and she loved
it.

      As she heard Martin's animalistic groans well above her head, she kissed
and slathered in Niven's warmly scented pussy, feeling the soft quivering
fringes of her cunt flesh ring her nose and mouth, feeling the excited
throbbing of her vaginal walls close around her probing tongue, feeling her
smooth thighs encase her bobbing head, clamping it there, making her tongue go
deeper into the elastic chamber, while below, Mark was showering demonic
frenzied lashes of his tongue on her own agonized cunt.

      Both women were panting heavily, each of their groans muffled by the
genitals filling their faces.  They were madly increasing their momentum, a
frenzied, headlong velocity charged their fierce movements...

      Niven sucked furiously on the long thick penis fucking into her face. Hot
flames of lust rose from her moisture and saliva-drenched pussy, and with each
passing second, the heated waves of her desire grew more and more intense.

      Desperation controlling her now, she reached behind Martin to grasp his
sperm-bloated balls with one hand and stick her middle finger up his puckering
anus.

      "AAAAAAAAAAAAAA HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" the guttural cry rose deep from
Martin's throat as he felt the first spurt of hot thick cum shoot from his
aching testicles and begin its seething rush along the length of his jerking
cock.  An instant later, the lust-heated fluid squirted into Niven's madly
sucking mouth, and every muscle and nerve in his orgasming young body exploded
as wave after wave of the mind-shattering climax swept over him.

      The heated flow of his semen in her mouth was just the thing that
triggered the impending orgasm in Niven's own heated loins.  His ear-piercing
cry blasted at Niven's mind and seemed to echo again and again inside her head.

      "Shhhhhhhhiiiiiiitttt... I'm cumming... CUUUUUUMMMMIINNGG!"

      "Oooohhhhhhhh!  Yes... yes..." Niven chanted, her voice matching Martin's
perfectly.  "I'm cumming too... aaaaaaaaggggghhhhh..."

      And her hips were grinding tighter and tighter into Kate's face.  It was
getting hard for the young wife to breathe, and her face was covered with the
copious flow of Niven's internal juices.  The wanton blonde continued to suck
with a mindless passion at Martin's huge jerking penis, trying to swallow every
last drop of his acrid-tasting sperm, while at the same time pounding her hips
and loins against Kate's trapped mouth, her breasts jiggling and bobbing like
buoys at sea, until finally, her cumming was over, and she slipped from Kate's
tangled head and sprawled to one side, her lips still locked tightly of
Martin's shrinking penis.

      Kate could now breathe freely, and her first reaction was to take a deep,
shuddering breath.

      "Oooooohhhhh... keep licking my cunt... keep licking my cunt..." she
begged her husband, opening and closing her thighs around his tightly pressing
face.  "I'm nearly there... keeeeep suckinggggggg..."

      Her whole body was distorted with lust and passion, her voice hoarse with
the emotions of her abandoness.

      "Keep licking my cunt!" she screamed, "I'm going to... to... CCCCCCCCCCC
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU MMM -- MMMMMMMM IIIIII NNNNNN GGGGG!!!!!"

      Then her body was thrashing and flailing like a belly dancer, completely
out of control, her naked cunt pounding up against her laboring husband's face.
Her head was tossing from side to side, her eyes open and glazed with passion.
Her fingers were clutching at his brown hair, pulling strands out as she wailed
again and again, and an orgasmic stream of her cum fluid cascaded against
Mark's face.

      "Oh... GOD... it's soooooooo... good...!" she gasped again and again, her
body controlled completely by paroxysms of pleasure which jolted her like an
electric prod.

      Mark pulled his face from between her loosening thighs and looked down at
her.  She was laying completely still, a broad grin of total satisfaction
creasing her lovely face.  The young husband cast his eyes about the room and
saw that Martin and Niven were also lost in the after-bliss of their orgasms.

      Only Siegfried was still aware of reality, and as Mark looked at the
great beast, he had to smile.

      "Looks like it's just you and me, fellow," he said softly.  "And you look
like you could use a good cunt same as me."

      While he had been sucking his wife, his own penis had swollen painfully,
and he had hoped that Kate would still be somewhat conscious so he could
relieve himself the way he had relieved her.  Even Niven looked as though she
would take quite some time to come around.

      The brown haired husband knelt straight up on his knees, his massive
penis sticking out from his hairy loins like a giant pink tree.  The more he
looked at the near-sleeping nakedness of his wife, the more excited he became,
but he decided that it would be well worth the wait for her to come around.

      When she finally did open her eyes, it was at the same time as Martin and
Niven.  For a long time, no one could say anything.  Then Martin pulled himself
to a standing position.

      "Well... I hope the two of you can see just how foolish you've been."

      Kate lowered her eyes and smiled.  Mark did indeed feel foolish, and he
resolved then and there that he would never leave his wife alone when she
wanted him.  Hell... life was too short not to take all he could. His marriage
was more important than his job, and being a little late wouldn't make any
difference at all.

      Siegfried began to grow more and more impatient.  With the scent of two
naked women filling the room, it was all he could do to control himself, and he
was certain that everyone had forgotten him.  He leaped down from the couch
where he had been patiently waiting and snuggled up tight against Niven.

      "Well... looks like we have someone here who would like another round,"
the young blonde girl said with glee.

      "He's such an amazing little cunt licker...  Did you train him yourself?"
Kate asked with admiration.

      "Uh huh," Niven answered.  She told the red-haired wife how she had run
away from home and was picked up by the police.  Since her parents didn't want
her back, she had been put in a home for runaways, and one of the women there
had a dog.  "So when Martin found me, I had him get me Siegfried."

      "Ooooooohhhhhh... you've really had a bad time of it," Kate said, feeling
sorry.  "I really wish there was something we could do for you."

      "I'll second that," Mark said.  "Kate and I... we owe you our marriage."

      "I think something could be worked out," Martin said.

      "And you would be the person to come up with something," Mark said
pleasantly.  "You're quite a bright young man."

      Martin beamed.  He had known all along what he was going to do at this
point.  "Suppose the three of you go into the bedroom and take care of
Siegfried.  I'm certain Niven will have some pretty interesting ideas in that
department."

      "Good idea," Mark said.  "But what about you?"

      "I have to go to the apartment for something, I'll join you a little
later," he answered.

      Niven squealed her delight and brought her arms around Kate and Mark. The
three of them went into the bedroom, followed by Siegfried.  Niven was already
suggesting things that the four of them could do.

      Martin waited until they were out of sight, and then he gathered his
clothes.  Slipping into his pants, he slinked through the hall to pack those
things he really wanted.  All the rest could be left behind.  He really didn't
need anything that he couldn't buy later, and he still had more than enough
money to buy what he had to...


                                    Epilogue

      The morning sunlight streamed in through the bedroom window of the
Hutch's apartment.  Siegfried who had fallen asleep on the bed sandwiched
between the naked bodies of Niven and Kate, opened his eyes and looked around.
It smelled like early morning to him, but he was eager and ready to get started
on another day.  He couldn't remember a time when he had had so much fun as the
night before.  He was totally exhausted from licking and fucking the two women,
sometimes sharing them with the man who was still asleep on the other side of
the bed.  He liked the new people he had spent the night with, and he could
sense he would be spending a lot more time with them.  His animal mind noticed
that a strong bond had been formed between the young blonde girl who was his
mistress and the two people who lived in the apartment next to his.  And the
new man didn't mind at all sharing either of the women with him.

      He got to his feet and went over to sniff at the blonde girl, his actions
waking her.  When Niven stirred, she woke Kate and Mike.

      "Uuuuuuummmmm... good morning," Kate said in a sleepy voice, looking at
the clock and noticing that there was a good hour before Mark had to get up and
go to work.

      "Good morning, love," the husband said, slipping his arm around his
wife's naked waist.  "Shit, I don't think I'll ever recover from last night."

      "Where's Martin?" Niven asked, a slight panic giving an edge to her
voice.

      "I don't see him," Kate said, lifting her head and looking around.
"Didn't he come back at all last night?"

      "Jesus," Niven said, pulling herself off the bed and wandering out of the
bedroom into the living room.  "I thought he did, but there was so much fucking
I couldn't tell which end was up."

      Kate and Mark followed her out of the bedroom, both of them slipping into
their bathrobes.  Even though they had just spent a passionate, lust-filled
night with her, they still felt a little uncomfortable about walking around in
the nude.

      "It doesn't look as though he was here at all last night," Niven said.
"All his clothes are gone. "

      As though she were in a panic, she bolted from Kate's and Mark's
apartment through the hall to her own.

      Everything was still there, though there was no sign of Martin.  A
closer, more careful look revealed that his suitcase and some of his favorite
clothes were gone.  Kate and Mark came up behind her, looking around for some
sign of the man who had completely changed their lives. Niven was so distraught
that she looked like she would go all to pieces, and this baffled Mark.  She
had seemed so strong, so confident.  He didn't think it was possible for her to
fall apart like this.

      Kate was in possession of herself a little more than Niven, and she found
an envelope addressed to the three of them, and Siegfried!  Opening it, she
quickly read through Martin's poor handwriting, trying to make out what he had
said.  Niven was leaning up against Mark for support, trying her best not to
cry.  It seemed to her as though her whole world had collapsed around her.  She
had known that Martin would leave someday, but she had not wanted to think
about it until she had to.  Now, the only thing on her mind was that she was
alone, and the possibility that she would have to go back to the half-way home
depressed her terribly.

      "It says here that he thanks us all for being such good sports about his
adventure," Kate said.  "He wishes the four of us the best, and he hopes that
Mark and I will look after you."

      "He what?" Mark said, still trying to clear the cob-webs from his sleepy
mind.

      "He mentions something about adopting Niven," Kate continued.  "He thinks
the two of us will give her the guidance she still needs."

      "Adopt...?  How old are you, anyway?" Mark asked the lovely naked blonde
girl.

      "You mean you can't tell?  Really?  I'm... I'm sixteen," she said, as
though she were ashamed to admit it.

      "I thought you seemed a little young," Kate remarked.  "You may have seen
a lot of the world, but there are still some things you haven't done...
important things that were pretty obvious to me."

      "Martin's gone," Niven said, not wanting to believe it but not really
having a choice.

      "Hey... come on now," Mark soothed.  "You think that Kate and I would
just put you out of our lives?  After all we've been through, that could never
happen.  I like the idea of having you around.  You might be a little young but
there's plenty we could learn from each other."

      "You... you mean that?" Niven was beaming.  Martin had been the only good
thing that had happened in her life and the thought that something good was
going to happen again was almost too much for her to hope for.

      "Sure he means that," Kate told her.  "And if Martin hadn't suggested it,
I'm sure one of us would have thought of it."

      "Tell you what," Mark said, coming next to his wife and circling his arm
around her.  "I'll look into the paper work today at work.  There should be
some legal problems, but nothing to serious."

      Niven was speechless.  She couldn't believe that these two wonderful
people were actually going to take care of her.  It was too much!  She couldn't
hold back her tears of happiness.

      As she laid her head against Mark's shoulder and cried, Kate leaned over
and whispered into his ear.  "You think you'll have time for that?"

      "Babe, I'll make the time... for that and a lot of other things," he
answered.  "We were really lucky.  We nipped our problems in the bud. Things
could have gone sour before the marriage was started."

      She smiled and gave her husband a light kiss on his ear.

      "This calls for a celebration," Mark said suddenly," and I know just what
we can do about that."

      Kate was beaming, but Niven had one more thing on her mind.

      "Are... are you going to keep Siegfried as well?" she asked.

      "Are you kidding?" Mark said with a false shock.  "He's as much a part of
all this as you are.  Besides... after what I've seen, I don't think the two of
you could be totally happy without him."

      "That's some husband you have there," Niven complimented Kate.

      "You aren't telling me anything I don't already know," the brown haired
wife said.

      Suddenly both women felt something warm and furry pressing against their
legs.

      "Speak of the devil," Niven said.

      "Come on," Mark called, leaving them and heading toward the bedroom in
Niven's apartment.  "Let's get this party started.  Something tells me this is
going to be one hell of a day."

      Niven and Kate looked at each other, not wanting to think about how
wonderful their lives were going to be.  For the lovely naked young girl, it
was like the passing of a storm.  She was finally going to be with people she
liked... people who would not abuse her, and who could teach her the things she
needed to know.  Her day of having to put up with the shit of being unwanted
and used were over.

      But Kate was certain that, no matter what the young girl felt, it
couldn't match her own happiness.  Not only did she have her husband back, but
as she imagined herself looking into the future, she could see that the
honeymoon was never going to end after all.


                                    The End

