It's a lovely walk over through a cool summer
night that smells like freshly mown grass and
the memory of teenage lust. It's cool but I'm
sweating.

She's dressed in a flowing blue dress, her hair
is down around her shoulders, long and brown and
shining clean. Her breasts are large under the
dress, she's taken off her bra. Her stomach
round, her hips wide. She smiles at me.

I smile back. My cock is hardening again, it's
been hard and soft all the way over. She's a
friend of mine and my wife's. She's been wanting
a child for awhile now, not finding the right
man. Not the right available man. But I'm her
friend. And my wife is a giving woman.

"Remember, we aren't supposed to like this, "
she says. "This is just for the baby."

I flow into her arms, press myself against her
warmth, and it is a blessed relief, the soft
shock of her in my arms, her breasts against my
chest. She's brushed her teeth, and she smells
minty. I kiss her lightly, running the tip of my
tongue over her lips..

"Oh. I'm going to like it. I'm bad. So are you,
girl. So are you."

I rub her back, her neck, her shoulders, kissing
her mouth, her neck, down her front.

She shudders as I tongue a nipple, hard under
the thin slippery material of her dress. I trace
a finger lazily around one, and it gets harder,
my other hand slipping down to cup one ass
cheek. Her ass is large, and round, and soft.

"I know. I know." She whispers, eyes still
closed. "I like it already."

We kiss some more, we have all night, and I want
her to be ready, good and ready, I want her so
wet and hot that we glide together sweet and
easy and hard and lovely. We kiss for a long
time. My cock is hard and leaking a tiny bit,
pressed into her belly. I begin to rub it
against her.

"Feel it?"

"Feels nice."

I flick off the shoulder straps, and the dress
slides down, she bites her lip as it brushes
past her fine pink nipples, and it falls to the
ground, and she steps out of it. She is lovely,
full breasted and hipped, sweetly soft. I suck
one nipple, the other, lifting each tit to my
mouth, and she shudders.

"I like that," she purrs.

"Oh. So do I." I kneel before her, and suck at
her breasts for a long time, moving from nipple
to nipple, listening to her breathe. They're so
hard now in my mouth, so perfect. I suck harder
and harder, begin to use my teeth, all the time
listening for her breath, stuttering and joyous
as I work her. My hand rides up her smooth
thigh, she has no underwear on, I feel the
wetness, heat. My teeth toy gently with a
thickened nipple, and she moans and my hand is
suddenly slicker, working into her, hot and wet.

I'm licking up her legs, craning my neck back,
to get the slightest taste of her, her smell
pungent and fresh, female in heat, female
needing to come. My finger nails drawing
tingling lines up the back of her thighs, as I
knead her flesh, and force my tongue into her
slit.

She turns, her eyes half-lidded, and crawls into
the turned down bed, she is nice from behind,
I'd like to take her like that, ride her, but
she lies on her back and spreads her legs, so
maybe later.

I crawl between her legs, her body ripe and open
before me, I lick her wetness, till it flows,
taste her, so salty sweet, so fragrant, she's
washed of course, and shaved her legs, and the
skin is smooth and cool. I lick her inner
thighs, tracing lines up to her heat, flick her
slit top to bottom, finding her clitoris, the
nub of it, suck it into my mouth gently. Her
pussy is so sweet, so pretty. Soft glistening
folds, downy brown hair.

"Oh." She says, pushing herself into my face.
"That is nice." Oh" And "Oh."

It is so easy to make her come. I do it again,
this time noisely lapping at her fluids as she
trembles and sighs. "Uh huh. Uh huh." I watch
her breasts heave as I lick her, over the swell
of her stomach. I want to squirt my baby into
her. She wants it too. It's OK. Everything is
OK.

My cock wants to fuck her. It aches for her, to
create something instead of orgasm, to create
life. My wife can't have a child. Kate can.
Spread some of us into the future, like the
sweet little children of our good friends...oh
let it be a girl. I don't really like boys.
Sometimes, I don't really like myself.

"I'm ready now," She's pulling on my hair, and I
move up her, and her breasts are so large and
full, she holds them in her hands, her hair so
long and silky soft, her mouth so easy to kiss,
and I sink the hard length of myself into the
deep warm wet heat of her effortlessly. And
start to fuck her, so slow and deliberate,
building slowly in speed.

She lifts her legs. "Deeper," she whispers.
"Should be deep. To make--" she shudders, "the
baby. In me. Come in me. It's all right"

I hold her ankes, force her legs back gently,
and begin to fuck her more forcefully. More
animally, breathing heavy now, panting,
beginning to sweat, thrusting, harder, and then
harder still, my cock so big and full and steely
hard it feels like it could burst. I bend her in
two, her belly folding, her breasts very white
and round, the nipples fine and pointed and
hard, her breasts jiggling with every thrust,
fleshy waves in her belly, her thighs. She is
shoving up and into every thrust, so lovely.

The pleasure in her face is exquisite. She is
loving it, every minute of it, every inch of me
every thrust, every drip of my sweat. She
smiles and nods.

"Good girl, good. Gonna..."

There's that noisy wet slapping sound, that
always vaguely distresses, I wish there was
music but damn, she's sweet, plump and wet and
hot,  and I reach around to grab her ass, and
plow it into her hard, and she holds her knees
with her hands, rolling back, to let me do her
deeper.

I feel her coming again, so nice, again, so
nice, my mouth finds hers, and she sucks my
tongue into her mouth hungrily, and I am
dripping my sweat down on her, slicking her body
head to foot with it, we're slick and oily and
rubbing together, and when I come I lose myself
utterly, luxuriating in the feel of it, looking
into her soft smiling eyes, coming inside,
coming inside, no rubber or spermicide or
pill--nothing but flesh and sweat and come and
shuddering blessed fucking coming release and
lie back and wait in the cooling sweat and sigh,
and lie together.

We have all night, after all. I'm nuzzling her
in a few minutes. I'm still hard. Oh. Yes.
Sometimes, it's useful, this rapacious cock of
mine. Sometimes it does good.

We can do it again, my hand closing on a fine
round tit, taking the nipple between thumb and
forefinger and she sighs, and snuggles back
against me, her ass pressed into me, inviting.
My face in her clean smelling hair.

We can do it. Till we make a baby.

There's a breeze in the curtains at the window.
My mind is empty, my cock is hard, Kate is full
of my come, will soon have even more, and life
is sweet.

Let it be a girl.
