Archive-name: Bondage/ass.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ass


    She was so hot.  I just loved to look at her as she left her
apartment.  No matter when or for what reason she look very sexy. She
had the kind of body that just screamed 'fuck me'.  And that is what
I wanted to do.  She was kind of short but had those perfect legs
that gave the illusion of going on for ever.  She had that long,
thick hair that was just perfect to nuzzle in too.  I watched her
everyday, and I knew her habits.  On weekdays morning she dressed in a
short dress type suit.  All stiff and business-like, the type that
made men and women equal in the workplace.  Later she would come home
and change for jogging.  She wore some tight sweat pants and
amorphous shirt.  Because she had some huge breast she wore in of
those tight jogging bras.  Every day she came back all hot and sweaty
making me really horny.  

    Some would say, "If you wanted her so much why don't you get her?"
Well for sure I wanted to but she always seemed to have another guy. 
And did she go through them.  She never had one for more than a few
weeks, and I wanted to be more than that.  That is why I watched and
studied her for so long.  I knew her in and out including her
favorite sex positions, via a telescope bought for the purpose.  As a
matter of fact I finally decided that I would confront her with my
love as soon as I found out one last bit of information.  I didn't
know her name.  I vowed that when I got it, I would get her.

    One day she did not follow the usually routine.  She went out to
work did not come for her daily jog.  I saw this as an excellent
chance to figure out her name.  I knew for sure that her name would
be on her mail, which she usually picked up from her box before
jogging.  Inconspiciously I slipped down to the mail boxes.  The
apartment owner either was a trusting soul or cheap because the boxes
did not have locks.  Lucky for me!  I glanced and saw no one around. 
I quickly popped open her box and scanned her letters.  Finally I say
what I had been waiting for.  Among the letters to occupant I found
one addressed to 'Miss Betsy Bryant'.  I am ready to make my move.  I
knew in my mind I was going to get this woman and I would start the
next time I saw her.

    About 4 o'clock the next day I saw Betsy getting her mail.  I
slipped out of the apartment and came up the road as if I was going
to the apartments.  I walked up to her and pretended to ask her the
direction to a friends place.  When she was about to answer I
said,"Wait a minute?  Aren't you Betsey Byrant?  Don't you remember
me?  I am Jim from school." 

    This had her throughly confused and I moved in for the kill.  I
rambled on about some made up school career until she invited me to
her place.  I had never really seen her place except from the
windows, and I was impressed.  She had impecable taste in decor that
seems the mark of the sucessful women.  After we got on the couch I
admitted to really being her neighbor and used the school mate bit as
a ploy to get in her apartment.  Betsy was shocked and I was afraid
that she would kick me out.  Finally, at my urgings she cooled down,
and admitted that she knew I was BSing her anyway.  The she started
spouting of info on me!  She knew everything about me.  Of course I
was surprised.  It turns out that she used the computer at work to
find out about me when she noticed me spying on her.

    "Well, I bet you don't know my favorite sex position," I finally said.
    "I bet I can find out," she said slyly.

    From there on it was smooth sailing.  We had a few drinks, and she
started to get really beautiful.  I eased over closer to her on the
couch and tryed to kiss her.  Betsy noticed by the tent my rod was
causing in my pants that I was really in for her.  "You know I don't
fuck just any man.  He has got to do what I say and enjoy it."  I
suddenly realized that maybe I didn't know all about her.  What if
she is one of those hard-core dominant bitchs.  That would really
ruin things.  But she is the ultimate prize and I would do anything to
get it with her.  "Well, what do you have in mind?"

     First she said that I would have to shower.  Next she said that I
would have to shave off all my hair (except my head).  Finally she
said that she would only take cock in the ass because she was saving
her cherry for marriage.  Those rules were not to bad and the latter
one explained here favorite position--doggie style.  At the time I
was hot enough to agree to anything so off to the shower I went.  

     When I was done in the shower I was greeted by Betsy with one of
those antique straight razors.  "We are going to get all that hair
off you quick," she said and away she went.  She started off at my
legs and made quick work of them while I looked down at the firm tits
peeking out of her terry cloth robe.  Next she shaved my arms and
chest.  Then I started to worry.  Some men may not feel threatened by
a girl shaving there dick with a 4 inch long razor but I do.  "I'll
get the safety razor for this", she said, taking a lot of my mind.
Back she came and away went my cock hair.  Then I was rolled over and
then the rest of the hair came off.  I felt strangely clean and was
dying to fuck her hard.

      "Now that you are properly prepared, you can shave my pussy."
she said as she dropped her terry-cloth robe.  She was gorgous.  No
sags on her.  She had nice firm tits with big pink nipples.  She had
one hot looking pussy and I took little time shaving the sparce hair
off of it.  The whole time I was dying to nibble her hard clit that I
occasionly saw during my little job.  "I want you to tongue me so
long and hard that your tongue blisters," she announced.  I quickly
obliged her.  She was so smooth and sticky, wet.  Every once and
awhile she start to pant and then give a little scream, which I
suspected were orgasms.  Finally my tongue gave out and I had to
quit.  "I got to quit. Look at my tongue," I said showing her my red
tongue. "Ok, you were a good boy and I want to reward you."  Quickly
we changed positions and she started to lick me off.  Boy was she
good.  She would slowly circle my cock head with her tongue and then
suck and pump it.  Every once and awhile she would even deepthroat
it, but she looked like she would gag so I didn't press it too hard. 
Finally I felt my balls tighten up and I knew I was going to come
like a beast.  "Don't come in my mouth.  Shoot on my tits," she
panted.  I pulled out if her mouth and shot my hot load all over her
firm tits.  She rubbed my come all over her chest and then gave me a
real tonguey kiss.  

       "I want you to fuck me now." she said after catching her
breather."Let me screw your pussy please" I begged but she grabbed my
balls and let me know that I would be doing a rear entrance.  I had
never fucked anyone in the ass before so I had her talk me through. I
got me first look at her pretty bung hole.  It looked pretty tight
and even though I don't have a titanic cock, I had my doubts.  "The
trick is to go slow and to have lots of lubrication."  I looked 
around and found a bottle of  lube conviently at hand.  So I greased
up my fingers and started probing that tight ass of hers.  At first I
could only get one finger in but slowly I got about three in.  She
was obviously enjoying her self and had some sort of vibrator on her
clit.  "Quick, stick your cock in my asshole!  I need it! " she
yelled.  I got behind her and greased up my pole and placed my cock
head on her now red anus.  I slowly worked it about a half inch and
Betsy was going crazy.  I pushed a little more and all most all
resistance gave away and I slid in up to my now clean shaven pelvis.

      It was so tight.  For awhile I just had to sit there and get
used to it.  "Pump me now!" she yelled and I started off.  Slow at
first, but then I picked up the pace.  I started to finger her puss
while I felt her hands on my butt pulling me in to her.  I had never
seen a girl so wild.  She started to squeal and was scratching my
butt with her long nails.  Again I had that warm feeling in my balls
and I knew this time I would have one of those once in a life time
orgasms. "Fuck me harder!" she was yelling again.  "I going to come,"
I replied.  And she started meeting my cock with such force that she
was smashing my balls against my thighs.  I started pumping my hot
come in her ass like crazy.  I thought I would go soft but I guess
the pain she was inflicted on my balls was keeping me hard.  "Keep on
fucking me you bastard!"  With my load in her ass things were getting
very lubed and very sticky.  I was like a piston and I kept on till
come leaked out of her red, raw ass and my cock could not take it 
anymore.

      Now was my chance to get my mouth of those big tits of hers. 
She laid back on the bed and I latched right on to those long
nipples.  Here flesh was so creamy and I could taste the saltiness of
my come all over her globes.  Betsy winced as I rolled those nipples
between my fingers.  After a bit of this she gets up and says,"You
had your fun on my ass, it is now time for my turn on yours." 
Needless to say I was pretty worn out, but I remembered the agreement
and warily rolled over.  

      She placed pillow under my cock to allow her easy access to my
ass. "First I need to get some 'toys'."  She went over to a beautiful
oriental chest and picked out an assortment of sex toys.  I was
apprehensive about the situation but she cleverly calmed me down. 
"Put this on." she ordered me as I was handed one of those cock ring
vibrators.  I slipped it on and felt waves of stimulation run up and
down my cock.  I next I felt a greased finger penetrate my virgin ass
hole.  This isn't too bad I thought, until she added a few more 
fingers.  My ass burnt but it also felt so erotic that I had to have
more.  "I am going to put a small butt plug in your ass so loosen
up."  I obediently loosened up to be rewarded with some of the most
intense pain I have felt in awhile.  I also thought I was going to
shoot off right then.  If that was the small plug I would hate to try
the large one because I thought I was going to rip at the seams from
the pain in my ass.

      "Flip over cuntlicker, I want to suck your cock!" she snarled. 
I was in a pretty interesting position.  I had this vibrating plug in
my ass making my knees weak and a vibrating cock ring that was making
my dick drip pre-come. Carefully I flipped over to have my balls
harshly squeezed.  I could not take it any more.  I shot come all
over my own stomach.  This time Betsy licked it up running her tongue
all over my upper torso.  "What are we going to do now?  You came
before I got a chance to suck you off.  For that we need to punish
you."  I thought what else could she do to me.  To my dismay I say
what she had planned.  She had a butt plug the size of a small pair. 
"There is no way you are going to be able to get that in my ass,
bitch," I told her.  "We'll see about that."  And with that she went
out of the room.  I removed the cock ring and sat back to see what
she was up to.  I was sore, tired, and needed to fuck her pussy so
hard to make up for all this weird stuff she was doing.

       Betsy came back into the room all smiles with something covered
in a towel.  "Show me your ass" she commanded and I did.  When she
yanked out the small butt plug out I would have come on the spot if I
had of been hard.  "This is going to take a little time,"  as she put
the towel on the floor and greased up the giant plug.  After a little
stretching and a lot of pain the thing finally went in.  It had a
more hollow feel to it that made me think that something was afoot. 
"I am going to do something wild and then I want you to fuck my ass
again." she said as she pushed my face into the pillows.  Suddenly I
feel a searing coldness in my ass.  From beneath the towel she had
taken a glass of ice water and filled up the hollow butt plug with
it.  My cock had never been so hard in my life.  I thought I would
pop a vein or something.  "What are you waiting for?  Fuck my ass!" 
So again I grease up and work it in her raw asshole which was still
loose so it took me no time to slide on in.  The feeling of the cold
pressure in my ass and the tight pressure around my cock was the
wildest I had ever expierenced.  I did not last long and when Betsy
tried to yank the big plug out of my ass I came like crazy.  I did
not even know that I had that much left.

     After a night of sex I was bushed.  I think Betsy was a little
tired too because after that last anal fuck she put up her toys and
went to bed.  Even though I was trying to sleep all through-out the
night I would wake to her licking my cock.  In the morning I woke up
to a burning ass and no Betsy.  I found a note.  "Dear AssFucker,  I
hope you enjoyed last night.  Tonight I will have a friend over and
maybe we can have some more fun, if you got the balls.  Signed Betsy
B. Bad."  I don't know if I will show up, but that will be another
story.



  

      




    

