AUGUST HEAT WAVE
By Yar C.


     It had been one hell of a week, and hell was an appropriate description.
The daytime temperature hadn't dropped below 90 for 11 straight days, and the
nights weren't much better. I had a few days coming to me at work, and rather
than fight the traffic to the beach, decided to spend some quiet time at home.
As hot as it was, I was in a routine of jogging 2 miles a day. I had just
gotten into jogging, so to measure the distance exactly, I had been running on
the track at the local high school. So despite the weather, I decided to jog
this hot summer morning, figuring that I could beat the heat if I did my miles
before noon. I hopped on my bicycle and pedaled to the school.

     Boy, I could tell this was going to be a mistake. It was already 92
degrees even though it was only 10:30 in the morning. Dressed only in a
sleeveless T-shirt and cotton shorts, I was drenched in sweat before I even
arrived at the school. As I expected on a day like today, the field was
deserted. With the heat rising off the asphalt in little waves, the whole scene
had an eerie aura to it. I pulled off my shirt and began jogging, hoping to get
my miles in.

     I did about a mile and a half, which in this heat felt like about 10
miles. Geez, was I beat. I was soaked in sweat and a little dizzy from the
pounding sun. I crossed the street and bought a club soda in the local deli.
Holding the cool bottle against my forehead felt great. I went back to my
bicycle at the school and retreated against the building to get some shade as I
decided whether to do the final 1/2 mile of my workout.

     I noticed an open basement window near where I was sitting, and through it
could hear the distant echoing sound of splashing coming from the school's
swimming pool. The familiar strong scent of chlorine was apparent as I
approached the window. Now I could hear the sound of water running. As I peered
into the window, I saw the long row of steel lockers. Wow, what luck An open
locker room window, with a little more luck, I wouldn't have to wait long to
check out some hot flesh...

     I was indeed in luck. In a couple of minutes about 8 or 9 guys filed into
the row of lockers closest to the window. They looked like they ranged from
about 16 to 18 years in age. Some had towels wrapped around their waists.
Others boldly strode nakedly to their lockers. All had great bodies. A couple
were tall, a few were blonde, and one or two were awesomely good looking. They
engaged in boyish games of towel cracking and play fights. Most dressed
quickly, but I had time to check out some great looking cock. My own dick was
swollen stiff, and I unconsciously rubbed it as I watched this hot locker room
scene in private.

     It was all over in a few minutes. They quickly dressed and left the locker
room. I hear a door slam from the side of the building as the kids walked to
their bicycles chained to the bike rack on the front side of the school. I
guess one or two of them had cars, because I heard an engine or two start up.
Within minutes the outdoor solitude returned, and no-one was in sight. My dick
was still stiff, and now I was feeling so horny. I reached into my shorts, and
slowly began stroking my cock.

     Suddenly I heard a noise from the locker room. In strode another guy, who
looked a bit older than the kids. I would say he was about 20 or so. He was
dressed in cutoff denim shorts, with a grey sweatshirt with the sleeves cut
off. He wore a whistle on a chain around his neck, and had a large set of keys
on a ring in his hand. He was also absolutely gorgeous. He had brown straight
hair, was about 6 foot tall, with big dark eyes. He walked over to a locker,
and dialed a combination on a lock. He opened the locker and took out a pair of
blue nylon Speedos. Pulling his sweatshirt off, he revealed a smooth,muscular,
and nearly hairless chest. I felt butterflies in my stomach. He popped the
button on his cutoffs and zipped the fly down. With hands on both sides of his
hips he slid his shorts to his knees, where they dropped to the floor. Stepping
out of them, he kicked off his low-cut sneakers. He yawned and stretched his
arms towards the ceiling, which kind of made it look like he was posing. His
ass was perfectly rounded, and tight. He wore white jockey shorts, and I waited
for them to also drop. He slid them off and threw them into the locker. He
tugged at his dick the way most guys do when it is freed from the constraints
of their draws. In full view now, I could see this guy had one of the biggest
dicks I had seen. His hand cupped his balls as he scratched them, while his
other hand reached for his swimming trunks. Show's over, I thought. But
instead, he hung his trunks on the locker door. Reaching back for his dick, he
began stroking. It soon was erect, and what a sight it was. He arched his back
slightly as he stroked. I almost came just watching him! Then, suddenly,
without notice, he looked up through the open window and at me, and said, "You
just gonna stand there and watch?"

     I was stunned, and scared, too. I didn't dream that he knew I was there. I
stammered something like, "Well, no, I, uh...", when he said, "Go to the side
door..', which sounded more like a command than an invitation. I turned to do
as instructed, and out of the corner of my eye I saw him pull on his cutoffs
and grab the ring of keys.

     The door of the building swung open, and there stood this greek god.
Dressed only in cutoffs, he looked so cute. "Come on in", he smiled, "My name's
Jay. Don't worry, I'm the swimming coach No one's in the building but me."

     "Aren't you kinda young to be the swimming coach?", I questioned.

     "Well, I'm really just an assistant. I swim at State U, and help out here.
Coach in on vacation, and I'm responsible while he's gone. What's your name?"

     "Jeff..", I said, not knowing what to say next. "Shit its hot!", I
offered.

     "Yeah, you look hot", he said and then smiling as he looked at my bulge,
"Real hot!" "Hey, wanta go for a swim?"

     "Yeah, sure" I said, "Could you lend me a pair of trunks?"      Jay
laughed out loud. "What do you need trunks for? I told you, there's no one in
the building."
     "Are you sure?", I asked.

     "Positive... Don't worry,Jeff. It's cool.", He assured me.

     We entered the pool. He tossed me the keys and said, "Be my guest. You can
even lock the doors. They all have dead bolts, so no-one can get in once they
are locked from the inside. I guess the locks work that way from the days that
guys had to swim nude."

     Well, he was right. I nervously locked the four doors leading to the pool.
Meanwhile, he stripped off his shorts and dove in. I still couldn't believe
this was happening. I stripped off my shorts and shirt , and went to the edge
of the pool. In my nervousness, I lost my hard on, and thought for a second how
big this guy looked compared to me. I slid into the water. It felt great. I
dove under swam under water for about twenty yards or so. The cool water
against my smooth naked skin felt undescribably good. I surfaced and gulped a
mouthful of air. I looked for him. Jay's body was made for the water. He slid
effortlessly across the pool. Spotting me, he swam up alongside me and hoisted
himself to the edge. His tanned body glistened with water. His fat cock had
also softened somewhat, but was still about 7 inches soft. My mind swirled
staring at his handsomeness.

     "Pretty awesome!!!", he said to me. "Come on, sit up here"

     "Yeah, you're right.", I replied, "This is fucking Ace" I pulled myself up
out of the pool and sat on the edge with my feet in the water.

     "I liked you better like this", he said, and reached across and grabbed my
soft dick, and began to stroke. It felt great. I rose to full attention
quickly. I leaned back as he went to work. He gently massaged my balls as his
other other pumped my dick.

     I maneuvered my body to grab hold of his luscious man-meat, still soft.
"Ahhhhh", he cooed, as I softly squeezed it just below the head. I could feel
its massive length warm and pulsate. I licked the head, which seemed the size
of a small ice cream cone. He bucked and groaned. He was now at full length,
which had to be about 11 inches. I rubbed his smooth muscular stomach, his
rounded ass, and then brought my hands around to the insides of his thighs.
They were coated with fine hair. I toyed with the fuzz on his balls. I got into
a rhythm of sucking him off as I stroked him long hard dick.

     Meanwhile, he went down on me like a pro. He nibble at the head of my
cock, then took it inch by inch, till he was down to the base of its shaft. My
balls were planted on his chin. Then he did something I still can't believe. My
cock slid even further down his throat and he took my balls in his mouth. He
sucked on them for about a minute before he came up for air. (I guess those
swimmers lungs are good for something else) He took my dick out of his mouth
and licked the sides of it. It felt so fucking good, I started to yell, and I
could hear the echoes across the walls of the pool.      I continued to work
feverishly on his pole, taking as much as I could in my mouth and working his
balls with both hands. He began to fuck my face, and I helped by grabbing the
cheeks of his ass. He stopped for a second and moaned, "Squeeze my balls...",
which I did. I grabbed his cock with my other hand, taking my mouth off his
dick. Squeezing his balls gently, and his dick very firmly, I jerked hard and
fast. He erupted with a load that shot up about 5 feet and squirted like a
jetstream. He slowed his hips, and I felt his body relax.

     His mouth and hands, though, were afforded no such rest. My dick felt
harder then ever as he worked; licking, stroking, squeezing, sucking. I felt
myself stiffen to a new level, and I knew this was it. I yelled out to warn
him, and he impaled his mouth on my dick. Again going down to the base, he
swallowed my load completely. I collapsed in ecstasy.

     I don't think I ever felt so relaxed as that moment. I rubbed his back,
and then rolled over as we embraced. I looked into his eyes and stroked his
hair. We stayed like that for a few minutes.

     We returned to the pool a swam a few laps. I showered with him, and soaped
up this gorgeous hunk. He hugged me goodbye on the inside of the door before we
parted. I met him there for the next two days, and didn't see him again till
the fall. I drove up to the State U. a couple of times to see him, and we grew
into good friends as well. He transferred to a school in the midwest in his
junior year, and we fell out of touch. I still have his 
swimming trunks to remember him by, but I never did get to see him in them.
