ANNIVERSARY     (Part 1)

I suppose being tied up the way she was wasn't exactly what my wife Helen
wanted as an anniversary present, but then again, she hadn't remembered the
anniversary! 

It was exactly a year ago today, on a Sunday morning.  We'd been enjoying
one of our favorite pastimes, reading the Sunday paper cuddled up in bed.
Helen had finished the sections she wanted to read and she rolled over
towards me and started nibbling up my leg.  Now, I'm never one to stop my
wife from doing something wonderful to my body, but I was in the middle of
something that I wanted to finish.  "Wait a few minutes!" I said, giving
her a slap on the butt, "I want to finish up this article".  But instead
she started tickling me on my knees.  "Cut it out, just give me two more
minutes"  I yelled.  I guess I didn't marry her because she always did what
I said; she kept it up, and poked me in the ribs a bit. 

Well, it was pretty obvious I wasn't going to be able to read the rest of
the paper, so I counter attacked and in a moment or so we were deeply
involved in that oldest type of combat, the tickle-fight!  Helen is a
lithe, strong woman, but at only 110 pounds she wasn't really much of a
challenge for my 180 pounds.  So, after a few minutes, I was sitting on her
back, tickling her ribs without mercy.  In between laughs she was begging
me to stop, but instead I reached back around with my right hand and
reached up between her legs.  I started alternating between tickling her
armpits and ribs with my left, and stroking her cunt with my right.  She
was kicking a lot to try and stop the tickling, however her kicks were
getting a lot less vigorous, and soon they tended to do nothing more than
just spread her legs a bit wider. 

After awhile, I stopped tickling and concentrated on stroking.  I slipped
my middle finger up inside and started sliding in and out. I rolled off to
the side and Helen helped a little by lifting herself onto her knees a
little and rocking backwards.   She was really hot by now and took her
right arm and reached back underneath to rub her own slit.  Still being in
a little playful mood myself, I took her hand in mine and really got to
work on her clit.  She was moaning and starting to move with some real
pre-orgasm enthusiasm when I kissed her, rolled away, and picked up the
paper I had discarded a few minutes ago. 

She looked at me in shocked surprise "What are you doing?, I'm just ready
and you're going to read the newspaper!"  I looked at her with a raised
eyebrow and said "All I wanted was to read the paper, now I'm going to
finish it and you can take care of yourself!"  With a smug little grin I
went back to reading.  Well, at least I pretended to read, it was pretty
difficult because of the floor-show my wife was putting on.  Helen took my
advice and was back at work on the subject at hand.  She had put a pillow
under her chest and was rocking back and forth, her right hand teasing her
clit and the fingers of her left doing some serious pussy-pumping. 

She turned a bit to tease me with the best possible view, while I continued
to hold the paper.  All pretense of reading it had vanished by now but with
all this hot action in front of my eyes, my own blood was really moving. As
we used to say in school, "the purple helmeted warrior" was ready to do
battle!  I scampered back onto the bed, intending to indulge in a little
doggy-style lovemaking, but I didn't count on my wife.  As soon as she saw
me behind her, she stopped and rolled away.  "No way buddy!", she said "You
had your chance and you missed it, you wanted to read the paper!". 

Well, I know my wife pretty well, and I knew she was still playing around,
but this time, I didn't want any of it.  I got hold of her, pinned her arms
to the bed and started kissing/biting her tits.  She was really putting up
a good fight, when inspiration hit me.  "Look love, either I can fuck you
nicely, or I can tie you to the headboard, it's your choice, which do you
want?".  She just stopped fighting, and looked at me.  Her breath quickened
a bit and she whispered something.  "What did you say" I answered back,
never letting up on her arms.  She said in a timid voice, "yes, tie me
up!". 

I was a little surprised, but it had always been something I wanted to try.
"Are you sure you want to?", I asked, "Remember, I won't let you go until I
feel like it".  She nodded yes, so I said "Ok, first order: roll over and
shut your eyes.  Don't open them until I tell you to!".  She looked a
little puzzled but quickly complied, and I did some quick thinking as to
what I could use to tie her up.  The first thing that came to mind (and
sight, I wasn't being too picky) were some old ties I hadn't worn for years
hanging in the closet.  We'd bought a new bed recently, a Scandinavian
Design special, but one look told me I would have some trouble living up to
my promises... no headboard!  Fortunately, the mattress was supported by
slats on the heavy wooden frame.  I tied two ties together, ran the end
down between the slats, around the frame and back up where I tied it off. 

Meanwhile Helen had been lying on the bed, eyes shut, wondering what I was
doing.  While I was doing the same with two more ties on the other side of
the bed, I told her it was time to get serious and asked if she was sure
she wanted to go through with this.  With her eyes tightly shut she said
yes, so I took her right hand and wrapped the loose end of the tie around
her wrist.  After wrapping it around twice, I tied it up and walked around
to the other side of the bed.  Helen pulled experimentally with her tied
arm, but after seeing that she was indeed bound, she stopped while I
trussed up her other arm. 

When I was through I sat next to her on the bed and told her she could open
her eyes.  She looked up at me, and then at her bound arms.  Since her arms
weren't too tightly stretched, and since this was the first time I'd tied
anybody up, I really wanted to see if she could get free.  "Struggle!" I
told her.  "I want to see if you can get loose if you really want to."  She
pulled a bit to feel the limits of the ties but she didn't really try to
get loose. "Honey, if you're not gonna cooperate, I'm just gonna have to
give you some incentive!"  I reached across with both hands and gave her a
good solid rib tickle!  Well that got her pulling at the ties but, as she
soon found, she wasn't going anywhere.  She did yell and kick a bit so I
decided to tie her feet as well.  I was running out of ties so I grabbed
two old leather belts, the braided kind which you could tighten as much as
you wanted without worrying about holes. 

I wrapped some around her left ankle but as soon as she saw what I was going
to do she started fighting with all her strength.  She didn't ask me to
stop or anything, but I think she felt obligated to put up a fight.  No
matter, I quickly secured the left foot to the bed in a similar manner as
the arms.  After the right foot was secure I lay next to her on the bed and
started stroking her bottom.  Wow, was she turned on!  She was dripping wet
and as soon as my hand found her clit she bucked and started to come. I
stuck my thumb inside her and started thrusting, giving her the first
orgasm of many for the day. 

In between grunts, she moaned "I want you inside of me!".  Well, I was the
boss, but I figured there was no harm in giving her what she wanted,
although perhaps not the way she expected it.  Her arms were spread wide
with the pillow still under her chest.  I maneuvered so I was sitting at
the head of the bed, facing her outstretched body.  My legs were stretched
out under her arms, and her mouth was just where I wanted it... at cock
level.  "This isn't what I meant", she said, "No, but this is what you
get". She wasn't too hard to convince, I gathered a handful of her hair in
my hands and forced her mouth onto to my up-waiting cock.  When she seemed
a little reluctant, I just reached over behind her and gave her ass a hard
slap.  Reluctance vanished pretty quickly as her ass turned from pale to
bright pink. 

I worked her head up and down on my shaft, and every now and then I slapped
her ass again, half too spur her onwards, half just because I enjoyed
watching her jump whenever my hand impacted her asscheeks.  The whole scene
had really turned me on and after a couple of minutes of her forced deep
throating, I felt myself beginning to come.  With her hair wrapped tightly
in my hand I forced her head up and down faster.  Her mouth was molded
around my dick and when I came I pushed myself deep within her throat and
clamped her head in position with my legs.  It was one of the most intense
orgasms I'd ever had, and she continued to lick and suck for long minutes
afterwards. 

I pulled out from under her and thought about what to try next.  This was
the first time I'd ever had a girl tied up, I wanted to make the most of
it.  In the meantime I wandered around to the side of the bed, feeling up
my wife's slit.  She was sopping wet and as I stroked her deeper, she said
"Look lover, don't get me started up again unless you're serious about
it!".  "Listen kiddo" I said, "you asked for it and now you're gonna get
it... whatever I feel like, you're stuck with it!".  I punctuated it with a
hard, stinging slap across her ass.  She yelped out "Hey, cut it out!", but
I ignored her and gave her another slap.  This time she just let out a
scream, it was more from frustration that actual pain, but it sounded just
as loud anyway. 

Well, I couldn't have my dear wife screaming!  I thought about it for a
second or two and decided that being bound just wasn't quite as much fun
(at least for me), without her being gagged as well.  I cast around for
something suitable, and hit upon an idea I liked.  I'd seen bondage
magazines before and the trussed women always seemed to have some kind of
ball gag contraption in their mouths.  I took one of my long thigh high
tube socks and tied a tight knot roughly in the middle.  Then I got out a
racquetball from my bag in the closet and put it inside the sock.  After
tying another knot as close to the ball as I could, the ball was securely
held in the sock with ample length at the sides to go around my wife's
head. 

Helen had watched me make the gag with a slight look of bewilderment in
her eyes.  When she saw what I had in mind she panicked a little bit.  "No,
please don't put that on me, I'll be quiet, I promise!".  "Sorry love", I
replied, "besides, I think you'll like it, you can be as loud as you like
and nobody will even hear you!".  She didn't say anything, just lowered her
head back onto the pillow and nodded a little bit.  I straddled her back,
lifted her head, and put the ball in her mouth.  Pulling the ends of the
sock around the back of the head, I knotted the loose ends together and
forced the gag deep into her mouth. 

I lifted her hair over the knot and then gave her a kiss on the neck.  I
whispered "Darling, you've never looked more beautiful", she tugged at her
bonds in mute protest at being unable to reciprocate the kindness. Climbing
off, I wanted to "test scream" the gag, so I gave her ass another slap,
this time letting my fingertips snap up into her pussy.  Helen was true to
form, but her scream was beautifully muzzled by the gag, I couldn't hear
anything other than a slight moan from between her lips. 

A few more slaps on her rear really got her bucking and moaning, but her
bonds held securely and she was helpless to stop me from having my fun.  I
directed some of my slaps onto her cuntlips and after a few strikes she was
dripping wet.  I figured she deserved a little pleasure after the great
blowjob she was forced into, and after enduring a bit of pain for my
amusement.  I positioned myself behind her and started licking and sucking
her cunt in earnest.  She was moaning and thrusting as far back as her
bonds allowed in an effort to capture my sucking mouth within her pussy.  I
reached under her and grabbed her breasts.  Pulling her back by the tits, I
forced my tongue deep inside and flicked the swollen bud of her clit. She
came with huge shaking spasms, wracking her as she pulled and struggled
against the bonds which held her fast to the bed.  I continued eating for a
few minutes longer as a few "aftershocks" trembled through her spine. 

I was rock hard by now and slipped my shaft into her pussy for a few quick
strokes.  It felt great, but it wasn't exactly what I wanted, I wasn't
ready to stop my fun just yet.  I climbed off the bed and decided to roll
her over.  She didn't show any signs of wanting to put up a struggle, but I
wanted to make it for real.  I took her left leg and untied it.  Taking the
belt, I fastened it to the same place as the belt on her right leg. I then
did the same with her left arm, effectively rolling her over onto her side. 
Undoing the tie on her right arm, I tied it to the left side and then
repeated the operation on her right leg.  Helen was now on her back, still
gagged and spread-eagled.  I put a large pillow under her ass, raising her
pussy to a nice comfortable level, and then looked to each knot and tie,
this time making sure they were tight and stretching her arms and legs to
their limit.  She let me know with moans and angry looks that she wasn't
very comfortable, but I just smiled back and when I was satisfied with her
bonds I stepped back to survey my work. 

She looked beautiful, and since my cock was rock hard and ready for some
attention, I climbed on the bed and kneeled with my dick between her ample
breasts.  Wetting my hand with some juices from her pussy, I rubbed her
chest and lubricated her tits.  Taking them in both hands, I stroked back
and forth, giving myself the nicest tit fuck I'd had in a long time.  I was
pinching and twisting her nipples and from the sounds Helen was making
you'd have thought I was tearing them off.  I debated removing her gag so
she could suck my cockhead on the up stroke, but I liked the way she
looked, spread-eagled and gagged, so I decided against it.  Rather than
spraying my wife's face with my cum, I decided to avail myself of her
raised ass to finish the morning off with a hard straight fuck. 

I slid down from her tits, spreading her pussy lips with my hands.  The
feelings from her battered tits had really gotten her worked up and she was
dripping wet.  With one thrust I slid deep inside her and started to fuck
like a piston.  Taking her tits in my hands, I used them as handles to pull
her towards me as I thrust into her cunt.  Helen was moving like a wild
thing underneath me, bucking up and down and pulling at the ties so hard I
thought the bed might break.  Everything held firm however, and I
occasionally stopped humping just to watch the look of pained frustration
wash over her gagged face.  Finally I didn't want to wait any longer.  I
reached under and grabbed her ass, pulling her towards me.  Pumping with a
wild abandon into Helen's writhing form, we both exploded with mind
blowing orgasms.  I kept on fucking until the last spasm had subsided and
then collapsed onto Helen's still outstretched body. 

I reached under her head, untied the gag and kissed her deeply, telling her
how much I had enjoyed it.  Without untying her, we talked about the whole
thing.  She'd never really thought about getting into bondage, it was just
something she wanted to try, but after our first "session" she was hooked.
She really liked the feeling of being compelled to do something, of being
unable to stop me from doing whatever I wanted.  She also got into the
pain, and although we realized there would be some limits, we figured we
could keep on trying until we found them.  I, in turn, never realized how
much I enjoyed being totally in control.  I got a real kick out of the
actual process of tying her up and being in charge of what was going on. 

We decided that we would make bondage and, to a lesser degree, punishment 
a regular staple of our lovemaking.  This last year has taught us a lot about
what we like to do, and we've experimented a lot.  But, that was a year ago 
today, and Helen has forgotten that today is the anniversary.

Well I haven't forgotten and now Helen is getting a proper reminder!

