      


                            Chapter 7
  
                             Shopping

Getting ready for the weeding was kind of a chore but I still needed to get to 
the lingerie shop with Susie. I made a date with Susie for a Saturday afternoon
and arrived at her parents home. They said to come in and Susie was upstairs. 
I went up to Susie's room and knocked, she opened the door and told me to come 
in. She was at that time shaving her cunt for Herb. She showed me the proper 
way to shave a pussy and ass so you don't get cuts on them. I watched very so
fasinated. She then said she had some other sexy lingerie and wanted to know 
if I wanted to wear it. I said, why not. I stripped out of my clothes, my 
white lace bra, white garterbelt and beige lace panties. She gave me a bright 
red lace garterbelt, red lace french panties which were very lose in the 
crotch which Susie said to me were good for fucking while wearing because I 
always had Cliff's load in my panties anyhow. This way he could fuck me with 
my panties on and then his load would run out of my cunt into them. One thing
about Susie, she always looked out for me and my pleasures. I then hooked
my beige stockings to the garter attachment and then Susie gave me a red lace
full slip and a red lace bra. I then put on my outer clothes. We went to shop.

We arrived at Fifi's Corseteria and went in. The one lady recognized Susie and
immediately came over. Susie introduced me as her sister-in-law to be. Susie
explained to the lady I wanted to see everything she had in garterbelts, bras,
slips, panties, stockings, corsets, brasellettes and anything else in sexy
lingerie. She showed us garterbelts first and I picked out a red, orange and 
black one. In panties I picked three black pair, three red, one blue crotch-
less, one green with black trim crotchless, and a yellow bikini style. I 
picked out all different color stockings to go with the many outfits I had.
I spied a pair of purple french lace wide crotch panties which I also selected
for my wardrobe,plus I selected a complete outfit of bright yellow laced
panties, garterbelt, bra, stockings and full and half-slip. Also selected a
blue, green, brown and two black full slips with french scalloped lace at the 
top and bottom of each slip. I also selected matching bras of the same color 
plus I got two of the nippleless bras like Susie had. I got a black and red
lace brasellette and a dark blue waist cincher type corset with six suspender 
straps instaed of the usual four suspenders. We went back to my house. No one  
was home so we went to my bedroom and I tried most of the lingerie on.

Susie claimed that with seeing and feeling all this frilly lingerie it was 
making her as hot as a fire. I said the same and told her how I had dropped a 
load in my panties when I had seen her in her crotchless black lace panties
that night when we had caught her blowing (new word I learned from Susie)
Herb. She said she remembered the incident well. She now said she was so hot 
she felt like playing with herself. I said to go right ahead and asked if she 
did it much. She said since she was twelve years old and had read about it in 
a book she tried at least three or four times a week until she started having 
sex with Herb. She said at a later date she would tell me how Herb and she had
started out sucking and fucking, plus now adding rimming and reaming.

Susie slipped off her dress and white full slip and stood there in white 
laced garterbelt, stockings, bra, crotchless panties and white pumps. I said 
she looked good enough to eat. I then undressed down to the red sexy lingerie 
Susie had earlier given me. Susie said I also looked good enough to eat. Some- 
where an idea was formulating because Susie casually brushed my arm and like a
shot of electric coursed thru me. I said something phony about her bra strap  
and acted like I was going to adjust it. As I touched her strap she trembled a 
little and all of a sudden I lost my thinking and I cupped her breast thru the 
bra. She lost her head and put her lips to mine and started french kissing me.
I responded in kind though I was mixed up. This girl was to be my sister-in-
law, but then I thought she would be no blood relative and this was not incest 
of any kind. Susie slipped her hand up the red tap panties I had on and touch 
the lips of my cunt. I climaxed on her finger. While still holding the kiss
I felt for her pussy and touched her clitoris and started rubbing it. Slowly
at first and then faster with Susie looking into my eyes with a love that only 
one women knows for another women. She said she was going to cum and I dropped
to my knees and started working my tongue in and out of her cunt hole till she
climaxed violently and collapsed on the floor. She said Herb had blown her 
pussy many times but he never ate her out like I did. I said this was the 
first time I had ever tasted another girl's cunt but it was delicious and I 
wanted to do it again very soon. Susie said she had done it a few times 
with two of her girlfriends but that is another story. Susie said for me to 
lay down and she would give me a blow-job. Susie loved the word "blow-job", she
also had a way with sex words, as Herb said and later Cliff. Susie could use 
the must vulgar words and the most detailed descriptions of sex acts and make 
it sound like a symphony of love. She was a gifted person in that area.
She could also put you in positions that would embarass you greatly for a 
short period of time till you figured out her motives. 

I did not lay down,  but reclined in a chaise type lounge I had in my room. 
Susie sat down directly in front of me with her bald cunt staring me in the 
face. I pulled on side of the billowing panties aside, wet my finger and 
sarting to rub my pussy very gently. Susie watched me very intently as I 
speeded up the motion, then she stood and came over and stood along side me
leaned over and planted a kiss on my lips. She started stoking my hair as I 
continued to finger myself with one hand and rub my left nipple with the 
other. Susie gave me another kiss and leaned over and started sucking my
tits one at a time. She was a picture leaning over me in all white with her
white bra, garterbelt, stockings, high heeled shoes and crotchless panties 
right in front of me. As she licked and sucked my breasts I slipped my hand 
inside her white lace crotchless panties and started running my finger from 
her clitoris to her asshole. I felt my temperature rising as I was starting to
get hot. Susie then went down to the bottom of the chaise and motioned for me 
to slip off the pretty red panties she had lent me. She started licking at my
thighs and rubbed her tongue on my stockings all the way to my toes. She then
started sucking my stocking covered toes and I went insane from the pleasure.
She sucked my toes and it was like a lightning bolt shooting through my red hot
throbbing, pulsating snatch. My passions continued to mount, tembling and 
throbbing when I told Susie I was going to cum. She slid up and then started 
working her finger up my asshole while with one of her other hands finger she 
inserted it in my cunt and started to work it in and out and sideways first
rubbing one cunt wall then the other. My clit was a hard as a rock and it
protruded out like a stiff little cock as I continued to rub it furiously. 
Susie the started sucking my clit with her mouth. All of a sudden I exploded
and screamed out in pleasure. I came, Susie licked and sucked and I came again
and again. I came about six times. We then got dressed because the time was 
getting late. Susie offered me the red lingerie to wear for Cliff but I said I
would wait for a more opportune time.

