Allyson's Angst 

"How had this happened?!" she wondered for the millionth time.  She had
signed up for a week at a SPA in Switzerland - she remembered getting on
the chartered plane and drinking a glass of champagne and that was all she
remembered until she woke up HERE in a little girls bedroom wearing pink
pajamas (they had even shaved her down there!) Now she was trapped in this
crazy big old house, it was surrounded by trees, she had no idea how far a
town might be.  She often thought of trying to escape, they were so
closely supervised though and her stomach did somersaults as she imagine
what would happen if she were caught...  There were other women here, they
were not allowed to talk to each other.  All of the women were treated as
children, anyone who protested was punished into silence and forced to
play along, obey.

She walked slowly down the hall nearly dragging her feet with every step
(she was shod in black patent leather Maryjanes with white knee socks - of
course)  carrying the note the teacher had given her (they even had to go
to a little school that had been set up here in the house!) she suspected
only too well what awaited her once the note was read.

The door was opened and she smelled the wood fire before she saw "Uncle"
Mark behind his large mahogany desk (all the men were addressed as Uncle -
she had been assigned to Uncle Mark when she first arrived and he had been
responsible for most of her training).  He was speaking to another man
that she did not recognize, she noticed he was very  handsome though. 
Uncle Mark saw her and said "Yes Allyson, come here, what is it?"

She walked slowly over to Uncle Mark, she could barely speak "I have a
note from the teacher" she mumbled (that witch, she silently thought). He
looked at her searchingly and took the note slowly opening it.  Allyson's
normally pale face, framed by her longish dark hair, grew even paler as
she watched Uncle Mark's frown grow deeper the longer he read the note.
"Well young lady, what do you have to say for yourself?" He asked sternly.
 Allyson could only hang her head.  

He turned to the strange man.  "It seems Gregory, that Allyson was not
able to pay attention in class today, she was also late coming back from
recess.  You will be able to see first hand how we deal with naughty girls
here" said Uncle Mark.  "How fortunate" replied Greg almost dryly.


Uncle Mark turned back to Allyson.  "Remove your dress young lady" He said
and then "....................NOW" when she hesitated.  Allyson started
crying and began fumbling with the buttons that connected the straps of
her blue jumper to the dress part; she slowly pulled it over her head. 
She stood there in her little white cotton panties, her white blouse was
short and left a good deal of pale exposed skin between the bottom of her
blouse and the top of her panties.  She stood with her arms at her sides
(as she had been taught), her breath started coming in short gasps as she
knew what was coming.  Each breath made her small firm breasts, the
nipples hard, rub against the thin white cotton of the blouse, the mound
of her vagina was easily visible against the tight white panties, her bare
knees knocked above the white socks.

Uncle Mark came from behind his desk and sat in a chair almost next to
Gregory.  "Come here Allyson" he commanded.  She walked over and he pulled
her by her hips to stand in between his legs.  As he lectured her he
reached up and pinched her nipples painfully through the material, his big
warm hand trailed down her front, stopping on her bare stomach for a
minute before he moved it lower to rub pussy, she was so embarrassed.  She
had been punished and fondled before by Him when they were alone, having
it happen in front of this stranger who had a full view of everything made
things much worse - she dared not look over at the stranger but she
suspected he was smirking at her discomfort.  "Spread you legs" said Uncle
Mark.  She blushed and did as she was bid (she spread them wide, another
lesson already learned); His hand cupped her and he pinched her lips
through the material.  Her blush deepened to a bright red as his finger
wormed its way inside of her elastic legband and he thrust it abruptly
inside of her, she whimpered (but she was already wet).  He moved the
finger forcefully inside of her as he lectured her on her behavior, she
gasped when he quickly withdrew it.

He turned her sideways and had her bend forward and hold onto the arm of
His chair.  He raised his hand high and swung it down forcefully against
the plumpest part of her cheeks SMACK!  "Oh!" she yelped as Uncle Mark
continued "Now you know (SMACK!) that it's important (SMACK!) to pay
attention in class (SMACK!)(SMACK!)(SMACK!)!!

It was difficult for her to keep still as the spanks came down harder and
harder, she raised up on her tiptoes and began wiggling to try to escape
the punishing hand.
After about 100 smacks, the skin showing below Allyson panties was a
bright red, Uncle Mark stopped and turned her about.   Tears streamed down
her face and her bottom was on fire (she fought the urge to rub it) as she
faced both men.

"Now Allyson, you know that was only to prepare you for your real
punishment.  Pull down your panties, all the way down, and take them off" 
She cried harder "Puh...Puh...leeze Sir, I'll be good, don't punish me
anymore, oh pleeze no more!"  She gave into the urge and rubbed her poor
bottom lightly as she sobbed and sniffed.

"Allyson, put your hands at your sides.  Now what did I tell you would
happen the next time you got into trouble at school?"  Allyson sobbed and
He took her chin in his hand "Allyson, answer me".  "You said I
wuh...wuh...wouldn't be able to s...sit down for a week" she mumbled. 
"That's correct Miss", He said, "and your backside hasn't been punished
enough to prevent you from sitting down for a day, let alone a week.  Now
do as I say and take down your panties!"

Allyson's blush returned in full force, both men watched her every move as
she slowly lowered her panties; her pubic hair had been removed when she
came to this *dreadful* place and her pussy was kept in a state of little
girl smoothness - it made her feel very naked.  She folded her panties and
set them aside.  She stared at a spot on the floor, she still had her
shoes and knee socks and her little blouse (which hid nothing as the
bottom of it stopped above her navel).


Uncle Mark pulled her over and his left arm circled her small waist as his
right hand played with her naked pussy as he began his never-ending
lecture.  Greg was an enthusiastic onlooker & this added to her shame
although it did not take away from the warm squirmy feeling that was
starting inside of her.

"....and I don't expect anymore notes from the teacher", He said finishing
up the lecture " now go to the cabinet and get the hairbrush Allyson", He
commanded, "you know where it is".  Indeed, Allyson did unfortunately know
exactly where the hairbrush was kept and remembering how painful it was
the last time it was used on her began to beg not to be punished.  "Oh
Uncle puh...puh..please!  I PROMISE I will be good in school, NOT THE
HAIRBRUSH!!" Uncle Mark sighed, "Allyson you know you make it worse for
yourself when you don't do as I tell you - now mind me!"  She knew she had
no choice and walked across the room to the cabinet, very aware that both
men were staring at her reddened ass.  Greg actually commented to Mark how
much he admired the color and both men chuckled.

Allyson barely heard what they said, however, once she opened the cabinet
and picked up the large hairbrush, she was so afraid of what was to come
she could barely force herself to turn around and walk back.  She saw them
both watching her and kept her eyes on the dreaded brush as she walked
back, her anxiety growing with each step.  She handed the brush to Uncle
Mark who had stood up.

"Go to the desk Allyson, spread your legs and bend over, put your hands on
the desk in front of you" He said.  Allyson tearfully did as she was bid. 
Both men admired the view of her bare bottom, Mark walked over and pressed
the small of her back down which pushed her butt out a bit further,
apparently not enough though.  He reached between her legs to cup her and
push her up further while continuing to push down on her back until her
position was to his liking; his hand reached up and spread her asscheeks
apart a bit.  Uncle Mark then held the brush against her hot buttocks
while he let her know exactly why she was being punished.  (Allyson always
hated this part, being in position for a spanking with the brush rubbing
all over her ass, even going down in between her cheeks, knowing that soon
it would be crashing down there painfully).  

"Now young lady," said Uncle Mark lifting the brush high, "thank me for
taking the time to correct you."  It took a lot of will power for her to
stutter out "thank you Uncle Mark, for correcting me".  WHACK!    The
brush rained down blow after blow.  He alternated spanking each spot on
each cheek. he spanked the backs of her thighs, the inside of her thighs
where it was especially painful.  Allyson cried and begged for Him to
stop, she began squirming to avoid the blows as they came down harder and
harder and her ass grew redder and redder.   When He repeatedly spanked
the same spot on her left cheek (right where the ass & thigh join) Allyson
decided she couldn't bear it and stood up begging him to stop, covering
her backside and nearly dancing in place in agony.  One look at Uncles
face, however, told her she had made a dreadful mistake and she bent back
over immediately when instructed  to do so, hearing the anger in his voice

"Allyson, that would have been all of the punishment you would have
received today if it were not so obvious that you are in need of a great
deal of additional training.  You know you are NEVER to stand when I am
correcting you - you do know that - don't you?"  Allyson was still bent
over the desk blubbering "Y...Yes Sir, I  co...co...couldn't help it"

"You could have and you should have but it is too late now.  I am afraid I
am going to have to ask Uncle Greg to give you an extra special punishment
that he was describing to me earlier."  She heard Him murmur to Greg and
then heavy footsteps as they walked across the room, more mumbles and then
a "yes, that should do".


They walked back and told her to stand up and turn around.  She did and
looked with trepidation at the little strap in Uncle Greg's hand through
her tears.  Uncle Mark quickly unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it off,
lightly holding her arms behind her back which pushed her breasts out
prominently while Uncle Greg explained what would happen next.

"We are going to strap you directly on your anus with this" Uncle Greg
said showing her the rubber strap, "you are going to hold your asscheeks
wide apart for us, as your anus must be properly exposed.  Uncle Mark took
off your blouse simply because I prefer you completely naked for this
punishment.

Allyson started sobbing harder and her pink nipples trembled as she
listened with growing fear.  Except for her shoes and socks, she was
naked, her bare breasts and pussy practically thrust into Greg's face, her
ass felt like it was on fire and Uncle Mark, while holding her wrists with
one hand had  reached down with his other hand and began to play with her
very sore dark red buttocks, she moaned each time he squeezed, his fingers
eventually straying to the very part of her anatomy Uncle Greg was so
casually discussing.  It will be extremely painful and this first time you
will probably not be able to stay in place " Uncle Greg continued his
explanation, his large hands toying with the strap as he spoke, "so this
time Uncle Mark will put his hands over yours to make sure you stay in
place."

"You are to receive three strokes Allyson, if you struggle too much that
amount will be increased" He said, "this is a very severe form of
chastisement Allyson and I trust it will teach you never to stand when
being disciplined again!"  Allyson was nearly frozen with fear looking at
the little strap before she began begging them not to strap her, she would
be good in the future - they didn't have to do this - really!  Her pleas
fell on deaf ears and Uncle Mark led her back to the desk, getting a
pillow this time to place under her stomach and pulling her up further on
the desk so her feet were just off the ground.  "Allyson reach back and
pull your asscheeks wide apart for me", said Uncle Greg.

Allyson knew better then to disobey and blubbering hopelessly she reached
back  & took the burning halves of her sore ass into her hands and slowly
pulled them wide, exposing her pink puckered anus to both men, her pussy
was also clearly visible, she felt the air on it and thought she would die
of shame, they  could see everything.  She heard them talking and felt
something rub firmly across her anus as they discussed technique.  She was
extremely humiliated to be exposed this way and very conscious of that
small part of her she rarely even thought about - her anus.  She imagined
over and over how it would feel for that small vulnerable sensitive little
part of her to be punished and her fear built until she could barely
breath.

Suddenly she felt a hand between her legs - she didn't know whose it was -
and His voice telling her he hoped she'd learn once and for all to be
still when she was being punished, lecturing her as the hand rubbed her
pussy and a finger, then two slipped inside, a thumb touched her clitoris.
 Soon she groaned and couldn't think of anything but the hand, then cried
out in protest as it was abruptly taken away.  She felt Uncle Mark sit
next to her and place his hands firmly over hers, pulling her cheeks apart
even further.  The fear was back in an instant, Allyson whimpered as Uncle
Mark pressed her own hands firmly into her sore ass, holding her down as
Greg spoke "Allyson, I want you to count each stroke outloud for me - do
you understand?"  Allyson mumbled "Y...yes sir"  The suspense was
terrible, the room was silent and he made her wait a full minute, all she
could think of was her exposed anus before SNAP! the belt cracked across
her anus.


It took a half a second for the liquid fire pain to register in her brain
and when it did she screamed and started begging "NO NO NO MORE PLEEEZE
NOOOOO" as she struggled to get up, away, anywhere else but near that
horrible strap, she just knew she couldn't bear anymore.  Uncle Mark held
her firmly in position and she got nowhere, she frantically begged him
"PLEASE NO MORE NO MORE, OH UNCLE".  Uncle Mark only pressed down more
firmly into her asscheeks (which now barely hurt at all compared to the
blinding white pain between her cheeks)

"Allyson, remember I am expecting you to count" she heard Uncle Greg
through her tears.  She could barely think coherently but some small
logical part of her made her scream "ONE" and immediately resume her
begging (although she stopped struggling) for them not to go on.  Her
pleas and loud sobs bounced off of the walls in the otherwise large silent
room.  Greg waited until she became relatively quiet again and then SNAP!

She screamed again her feet kicking on the desk (she couldn't help it)
then sobbed out "TWO".  she didn't even try to beg for mercy for the last
stroke, she just wailed loudly, especially when Greg mentioned the last
one would be the hardest of all as she waited for the last terrible smack
and then SNAP! She hadn't thought it could feel worse than the other two
but it did and she didn't think she would ever stop sobbing.

They helped her stand and Uncle Mark wiped her tears with his
handkerchief, then hugged her and lightly rubbed her backside, spreading
her cheeks apart but not touching her anus, as He said,  "I want you to
think about how you feel right now Allyson, and about how you will be a
good girl in the future."

There was a small sofa in the study, they nearly carried her over and laid
her in a comfortable position over the arm, her sore red butt was
prominently on display.  Her anus felt like it was burning and she sobbed
into the sofa for another hour, determined to be a very good girl in the
future.   They continued their meeting, it seemed Uncle Greg would be
joining their little "family".  She stayed there for a long while, people
came in and out of the study.  Once Uncle Mark even showed someone her
strapped anus, her asscheeks were so sore as he pulled them apart she knew
she would have trouble sitting for several days as He had promised.  She
thought about escaping as she lay there, she also thought about what would
come later, Uncle Mark was especially frisky after her punishments and as
she thought more about it she wanted to squirm more than she had all
day........................................ 

the End
