His story....

You were almost pouting, thinking I had forgotten your birthday because I
told you we were staying home tonight.  I almost spoiled your surprise.  I
stripped you slowly.  You stand before me, naked, defiant.  I feel such
need for you.  I remove my clothing, slowly.  You take a step towards me
and I scold you.  I sit down, and instruct you to lay across my lap.  My
semi-erect cock is rubbing against you.  You squirm as if to tease me but
soon you lay still as I begin to spank you.

I can start to see red marks from where my hand is landing on your ass.
You lay there almost as if I had bound you, not moving, absorbing the
intensity of the impromptu scene, an extra I had not planned on.  Your
submission to me is sometimes overwhelming.  I almost want you to cry out,
ask me to stop, want me to take you now.  My desire for you is raging.  I
feel your tears and feel the shiver run through you; I amost stop.  I feel
your wetness and know you are close to orgasm.  At this point I can no
longer stand it.  I manage to lift you off my lap and stand you up; your
legs trembling.  The cheeks of your ass are bright red and hot.

I make you lean against a counter while I enter you from behind.  Your
pussy is incredibly hot.  You bring your hips back to meet my every
thrust.  I am into you so deep that I am hitting your cervix.  This causes
you pain but the pleasure is overwhelming and you start to cum.  You
tremble and cry out.  Your hands gripping tightly to the counter, as the
waves begin to overtake you.  The feeling of ripples inside you sends me
over the edge.  I feel the cum welling in my cock and spurting inside of
you.  I lean over your back, holding you to me, relishing the feel of your
skin next to mine.  We stay attached this way for a what seems like a
long time, enjoying the feeling.

Her story.....

I feel you inside me, growing harder, not yet satisfied.  I begin to
squirm against you, wanting more.  Without saying a word, you lead me to
the bedroom, where you put on my blindfold, lay me on the bed.  The satin
sheets feel cool on my burning ass cheeks.  Gently you spread my legs,
securing them in the cuffs at the foot of the bed.  You tease and pinch my
nipples, as you do the same to my wrists...

I hear you close the door.  Soon I hear voices.  Who are you talking to ?
I didn't hear the bell.  I am suddenly slick and wet, wondering what you
have planned for me..

I hear you return, but you didn't shut the door.  I still wonder who you
had been talking to, and where had they gone.  Were they in the room with
us ?  I hear the clink of ice cubes in a glass.  You stroke my hair.
 Delighting in the response you see on my breast.  Nipples stiffen, rise
higher, Suddenly my nipples are cold/hot as you apply ice to them,
watching me squirm.  I feel another set of hands on my thighs.  Who is
with you ?  You take my left nipple in your mouth, as you pinch the right
one, quickly, hard.  Those hands, again, moving up my thighs.  You have me
so spread.  Fingers gently stroke the outer lips of my pussy.  You are
glad that you had shaved it for your pleasure earlier in the morning.
 Fingers spread me open.  I am wet and slick......

I feel a tongue touch my clit, it is swollen and showing from under it's
hood.  Fingers tease my slit, sliding inside of me.  I begin to whimper,
you know that soon I will come.  You slide your tongue inside my mouth,
making love to my tongue, my lips.  You pinch both my nipples harder than
you ever have.  The mouth on my clit, sucks it into their mouth, teasing
it with their tongue, One, two, three fingers filling me.  You feel the
shivers begin.  I try to cry out, but you kiss me harder.  My entire body
shakes, my hands clenching and unclenching in the air, as wave after wave
of orgasm flows through me......

You release my hands and feet, gently rubbling the areas that are red from
my movement in orgasm.  You turn me over, rubbing your hands down my back,
lingering on my ass.  I feel you behind me, you pull me up to you.  You
kiss and nibble the nape of my neck as your hands cup my breasts, as if an
offering.  I shiver as I feel your cock resting in the crack of my ass,
growing ever harder.  Hands, those hands again, stroking my pussy as you
continue at my neck and breasts.  As you cup them, another hand pinches
the nipples that are stiff, hard.  I wriggle against you.  The other hands
, take mine, pulling me away from you, I wimper and pull back to you.  You
push me toward the hands..I feel his cock rubbing between the lips of my
pussy.  I feel your fingers, dipping into the wetness of it, sliding them
along my entire slit, pausing gently to tease my anus.  You raise my hips,
and I feel you rub the other cock along the same area, finally resting at
the outer opening of my dripping pussy.  You pull my hips down, firmly
planting him deep inside of me.  I goan and the other hands work again on
my breasts.  your hands controlling my hips.  I struggle to control the
movements and you push me forward onto the chest of the other man.  My ass
is spread wide for you.  You nearly come at the sight of the cock sliding
in and out of my hairless pussy, glistening with my wetness.  You spank me
again, which only takes me closer to orgasm.  You rub the lube thickly
over my anus, inserting a finger, then two.  I begin to whimper.  Not from
pain, but desire, You know I want you.  You tease me with your cock.
 Inserting the head then removing it.  Finally, you slide all the way into
me.  Shocked at the feel of the other penis, you nearly come.  I am soooo
close to going over the edge.  You hold me still.  I feel your cock swell,
expanding my ass.  You hold my hips as you stroke deeply into my ass.  The
cock in my pussy, swelling, ready to come.  The other hands pinch my
nipples, sending me over the edge, just as you both cum, filling my pussy
and ass.  Your orgasm seems to last forever.  You both wrap your arms
around me, wiping away the tears, holding my shaking body as I continue
wave after wave of orgasm.  Coming down slowly...

 His story....

 We lay there quietly holding you.  You looked so happy to have your
fantasy come true.  I'm sure you thought that this was the end of your
celebration.

He picked you up and carried you to the bathtub she had filled for you.
Yes, she; that was my fantasy, to see you with her.  We had talked about
it many times, and you always seemed to get quiet, reserved and say you
didn't think it was something you would enjoy.

I was so proud of you, as I watched you shake your head "no", when he
wanted to remove your blindfold.  I watched as he washed you gently,
completely.  Indeed today, you were my little slave.

We let you soak while we cleaned up.  He helped you from the tub and we
both towled you dry.

He led you back to the bedroom where he took you hands in his and placed
them on his already stiffening cock.  He then, with his hands on your
shoulders, pushed you to your knees.  I nearly moaned as you took him into
your mouth, knowing the pleasures you can give.

She began to caress your shoulders.  I watched you stiffen.  You knew it
wasn't me.  She kissed a trail down your back as her hands found your
already erect nipples.  I sat back, content to watch you, not yet ready to
join in.

 Her story.....

 Those hands; not yours !  That mouth leaving gentle kisses down my back.
He wouldn't !  I felt breasts brush against me.  He did !  I wanted to
stop, tell him no!  But as she continued, I began to loose the urge to
resist.  I concentrated on bringing pleasure to the cock in my mouth,
trying hard to forget that those hands and lips belonged to another woman.
 I tried to think of the pleasure you were feeling.  Your fantasy come
true, just as you had given me mine.

As I felt her fingers brush the shaved lips of my pussy, I felt the
tremors of excitement deepen.  She spread my knees apart, as far as the
could go.  As her tongue licked across my already swelling clit, I moaned
deep in the back of my throat.  I felt myself get wetter, hotter, as her
tongue glided along the length of my slit.  Playfully, she teased my anus
with her tongue.  Again I moan from deep in my throat as pleasure and need
envelope me.  His cock, swelling, ready to explode.  As he cries out, I
swallowed fast to try to take it all.

Her hands caress my breast as she pushed me away from him.  She pinches my
nipples hard.  I took a deep breath and her mouth covered mine.  Her
tongue delivering my own taste, to mingle with his.  I feel your hands on
my hips, your cock stroking up and down my slit, as if you couldn't decide
where to enter me.

You enter my throbbing pussy, deeply in one stroke.  The mixture of
sensations has me climbing higher and higher toward orgasm.  She moves
away, gently repositioning me.  Her mouth sucks my clit out from under its
hood.  I feel her lick my juices off your cock as you slide in and out of
me.  This sends us both over the edge as your cock spews it's load deep
inside me.  I whimper and finally cry out my release.

 His story....

She sat in the chair, her legs over each side.  Her pussy spread wide,
glistening with her moisture.  I placed you on your hands and knees in
front of her.  She wrapped her fingers in your hair and drew you to her
waiting slit.  She retrieved the crop that lay waiting for her and began
to deepen the color of your already pink ass cheeks.  With each blow, you
licked and sucked her harder and she seemed to get closer and closer to
her own release.  Another building in you.  As your cheeks turned bright
red, she cried out, her hand gripping tightly onto your hair.  You licked
and sucked hard as she came in your mouth.

You were beyond thinking, your pleasures your only thoughts.  Your hand
found its way to your pussy.  I picked you up and laid you on the bed.
 The
coolness of the sheets on your still burning ass made you jump.  You tried
to pull me to you.  I took your hands and placed them on your pussy.  You
rubbed your clit hard as you sought your own release.  You cried and
whimpered as you got closer to your goal.  You cried out as you came and
grew suddenly silent as you drifted off into deep sleep.

I removed your blindfold and gently kissed you.  I curled my body close to
yours and drew the covers over us.  Our guests, retiring to another room.

"I'm proud of you, my little slave.  Happy Birthday", I whispered as I
drifted off into blissfull sleep, planning the next session for my little
slave and maybe a few more of my friends....
