                     After School Special

        Miss Daphne Mason was a large, intelligent woman.  She stood close
to 6 feet tall and had probably been rather overweight at one time but had
obviously gotten it well under control.  She had black hair and green eyes
that always looked sharply and could sparkle with fun at times.  Obviously
highly intelligent, you could never be sure exactly what she was thinking. 

        Her figure was ample, perhaps 42-38-42, and her strong frame gave
her a well-put-together look.  She always dressed impeccably at school,
wearing clothes that flattered her while remaining relatively
conservative. 

        Daphne and I had always gotten along well, sharing jokes in the
faculty room or just smiling and saying hi in the hallways.  I had always
been attracted to her.  I liked that self confidence that allows a woman
to smile unabashedly at men in a way that says that she never feels
herself to be less than they.  Daphne was definitely a strong and
assertive woman, and easily the equal to any man. 

        One day I was getting a drink at the water fountain down the hall
when she walked by.  The water fountain was located around a bend in the
hall from my classroom, and was next to the door to the ladies room.  She
had just come out of the ladies room, and as she walked by she gently
swatted my seat.  I was so surprised I almost bumped my head on the wall
behind the fountain. 

        "Now, now!" I said as I quickly straightened up and looked after
her.  She looked back with a big grin and then turned and walked back to
me. 

        "You want some more, little boy?" she teased, grinning wider and
looking slightly down on me. 

        "You'd better watch out."  I shot back. "I might take you up on
that!" 

        She took a breath, thrusting her large breasts out at me slightly. 
"You might, eh?" she said, still grinning.  "And what if I said 'Let's'?" 

        My heart began to pound and I said "I'd like that, I'm sure." 

        "Step this way, young man." she said, and, taking my hand, led me
around the corner away from my classroom to another short hall section
where she opened a door of a book storage closet.  My heart was pounding
louder now, and I was already feeling a glow of warmth coming over me.  My
nerves tingled with tension and anticipation.  I had had dreams like this
occasionally for months, but never considered them a real possibility. 

        She closed the door behind us and turned on a small light bulb in
the fairly large closet.  It was perhaps 15 x 10 feet in size, with one
wall covered with bookases from floor to ceiling.  Then she turned to me
and put her arms around me, hugging me to those magnificent breasts of
hers. 

        "Are you sure about this?" I asked hesistantly, feeling the need
to give her an out when in reality it was I who wasn't sure I wanted to
stay. 

        "Sure, I'm sure." She grinned, "I've wanted to try you out for
quite some time."  She kissed me warmly on the lips and I felt the heat in
her kiss as she squeezed me tightly.  My pecker was already standing and
the blood raced through me as I hugged her in return. 

        She let me go and stepped back to lift the front of her sweater,
revealing her magnificent globes in a fine lacy bra that only made them
look better.  Then she unsnapped the front clasp of the bra and her
breasts came free, exposing their creamy white beauty to my eyes. 

        "Daphne, you are one beautiful and exciting woman." I said as I
lifted her boobs to my face with my hands and began kissing and fondling
them.  She leaned back slightly to raise them still more and sighed with
pleasure as she did so.  I went to town, intent on pleasuring her to the
best of my best abilities. 

        I tongued those alabaster beauties all over, sucking and nipping
with my lips at her hard nipples.  Her large brown aureoles turned pink as
her nipples stiffened. 

        Daphne enjoyed this attention for several minutes before pulling
her sweater over her head and shrugging off her bra.  I wrapped my arms
around her and kissed her chest all over, enjoying the sensation of her
silky smooth skin, until she pushed me gently away and kissed me again.
This time her hot lips opened and her even hotter tongue entered my mouth,
making my hair stand on end with excitement as it explored and tittilated
my oral orifice. 

        As she hugged me close, kissing me hotly, her hands roamed over
me, squeezing my buttocks and stroking my back.  We broke from that
super-hot kiss to gasp for air, and her shining eyes locked with mine.  We
didn't need to speak, for there was plenty of communication between us
without it. 

        Her hands pulled out my shirt tails and slid below my belt to
squeeze my buttocks again, and she almost lifted me off my feet as we
kissed heatedly again. 

        I pushed her back slightly and began undoing my tie and pulling
off my shirt in a frenzy, and her hands moved around to undo my belt and
unzip my pants.  Before I could discard my shirt her hands were inside the
front of my jockey shorts caressing my member, which by now was hard as a
rock. 

        She murmured and cooed as she fondled me, pulling my pants and
shorts to my knees with one hand.  As the cool air hit my superheated
prick she knelt down on one knee and kissed the head of it, making it jump
and jerk, now more erect than ever.  She looked on it appreciatively and I
quivered with anticipation, dropping my t-shirt on the floor. 

        She looked up at me with a grin and leaned forward again to take
my cock into her hot mouth, watching my eyes bug out with the sensation. 
Her tongue laved it in her mouth, wetting it well, and I placed my hands
on her shoulders to steady myself.  She gave it two long slurping sucks
before taking her mouth away, making me moan and then slump as she stopped
her fine attentions. 

        Then she stood and kissed me hotly again, pressing her naked chest
against mine.  I reeled with pleasure at the sensation and my hands
instinctively lifted her skirt to stroke her thighs and crotch. 

        Then it was my turn to kneel down.  She put one foot up on a small
stool that must have been left in the closet by the telephone men and I
pushed her skirt back to expose her panties to my view.  Lo and behold,
she was wearing "easy access" panties with a nylon zipper from the top of
the front all the way up the back.  She reached down and grasped the
zipper even as I noticed it and pulled it down, down, and, leaning
forward, pushed it through her crotch and up the back.  As she removed her
hand the zipper split open and her hair and labias burst through, the lips
already engorged, pink and shining. 

        I gasped with excitement and she chuckled.  "I was enjoying myself
in the ladies room before I met you."  It was obvious she had been, too,
for as I impulsively dove into her crotch, my tongue found her to be hot,
wet, and slippery, just the way I like.  She smelled and tasted so sexy it
made my head spin. 

        I found her 3 inch clit almost at once, and after stroking my
tongue up and down her slit a few times I began making slow smooth circles
around her clit.  Now it was her turn to lean on my shoulders.  I heard
her gasp and felt her body jerk with pleasure as I ate her well.  I even
tongued back to her vagina and rimmed it as she, one foot still up on the
stool, leaned back to give me easier access. 

        After a minute more, Daphne, shuddering and gasping, lifted me
away and to my feet.  She hugged me to her and lowered herself a little
until I felt my cock head resting in her crotch hair.  I reached down with
one hand and, as we again kissed heatedly, moved the head of my cock up
and down between her labias, trying to rub it on her clit.  She reached
down and replaced my hand with hers to guide my tool smoothly into her
cunt. 

        The heat I felt there was incredible.  The head pressed smoothly
in and then broke past the first resistance.  We both gasped with pleasure
and she kissed me again as she lowered herself down still further until
our groins met.  We were fully enmeshed, and for a moment I stayed still,
feeling her muscles twitching and clenching around my cock. 

        Then she started to move, slowly, up and down in longer and longer
strokes that had us both almost in tears with ecstasy.  She tongued my
neck and ear, and bit my earlobe as she worked me over, pistoning smoothly
and steadily up and down on me.  I rolled my hips around and around,
trying to enhance her pleasure as her talented pussy almost sucked me off,
churning and pumping juicily.  Our crotches were soaked with our mixed
juices as she worked me over. 

        She moaned gutterally in my ear and I felt her cunt squeezing me. 
I knew she was almost there and I lifted up on my toes to ram into her a
bit harder.  Her moan changed to a soft squeal as she plunged down on me
and her body shook and shuddered as she started to come. 

        "Give it to me!" she groaned, "Cum in me, you stud." 

        Knowing that she wanted it was the last straw for me, and I was
overcome with waves of pleasure as my muscles involuntarily began pumping
hot cum into her.  My brain was awash with fantastic sensations as I
humped into her, and her rhythmically clenching cunt drove me wild with
pure sex. 

        We jerked and lurched together, almost falling over in the small
dimly lit closet.  I lowered my face to tongue her breasts in a frenzy as
she milked me with her crotch.  Her hair in disarray, her head, thrown
back in revery, was framed against the bare lightbulb's light, and I
delivered her one of the great cums of my life there in the middle of the
workday. 

        Finally I began to fade a bit.  We were both flushed and covered
with sweat as she again grinned at me and lifted herself slowly off of me. 
My drenched and slippery cock pulled from her cunt with a wet sound and we
both groaned with sensation at the same instant. 

        "Oh you beautiful stud." She murmured breathily.  "That was truly
incredible.  I knew you had it in you, and I'm so glad I got it out of
you." 

        I shook my head, trying to clear it, feeling the juice running
down my legs as I took a short step back.  "You are one incredible lady."
I gasped. "Thank you so-o-o much.  That was one fantastic fuck and I will
remember it forever." 

        Daphne sat weakly down on the stool, her breasts shining with
sweat, still gasping with excitement.  "You deserve a reward!" she
proclaimed as she again grasped my cock and guided it to her face. 

        I was speechless as she rubbed it on her cheeks and neck, looking
up to judge my pleasured reaction.  I placed my hands on her shoulders
again to steady myself and she grinned and extended her tongue to lick a
drop of cum from the head of my prick.  It jumped in response and her
smile widened. 

        Then she closed her eyes and smoothly engulfed its length until
her nose was buried in my crotch hair.  I felt her tongue push out through
her lips to lick the front of my balls and the base of my pleasure unit. 

        The blood surged through my head and I felt my cock again
stiffening to a rock-like hardness in her softly sucking mouth.  She
hummed softly on it, sending shivers of sensation through me.  Her tongue
worked over and around it and she began to pump it slowly in and out of
her sucking lips.  It felt so hot and slippery that in no time I was
flying high again. 

        She steadily increased her pace, plunging down on my burgeoning
cock and then sucking gently as she lifted her head off of it.  Her right
index finger and thumb encircled the base of it and her left hand palmed
my balls gently, silently asking for another delivery of hot cum. 

        I couldn't wait to oblige, and her attentions became more strident
and demanding as she took me higher and higher into a cloud of brilliant
sex-pleasure.  She began augmenting her efforts by pumping the skin of my
cock up and down in rhythm with her sucking and at the same time squeezing
the shaft rhythmically with her thumb and finger.  It was like being
fucked and sucked at the same time, and it sent me completely off my
rocker.  My brain seemed to be spinning at a thousand miles an hour,
cruising along at 50,000 feet.  My senses were swamped in a continuous
blast of pleasure.  I grasped blindly toward the walls, trying not to
collapse as my muscles seemed almost out of my control. 

        I felt the warmth of her hand cupping my balls and she gulped
"Cum, cum, cum..." with each plunge onto my prick.  The vibration of her
voice was indescribably pleasurable.  My breathing was hot, hard, and
spasmodic when I could be sure I was breathing at all.  Then I don't think
I breathed at all for what seemed an eternity.  My muscles were all locked
rigidly, my back arched, standing on tip toes to give her as much access
to my most sensitive spots as possible.  I was drowned in incredible sex,
feeling as I never had before. 

        Without any warning I started cumming again, feeling like I was
spurting gallons into her hot mouth, a volcanic eruption that started in
the depths of my being and boiled inexorably toward the surface until it
burst almost explosively from my cock.  Her tongue worked overtime,
lashing ferociously around my cock as her lips and fingers milked me for
all I had left.  I shook and convulsed in the stuffy closet air as I came
and came, and her slippery lips clenched pleasurably on my prick as she
swallowed it all.  She hummed her appreciation as she slowed her pace to a
steady, gentle pistoning that lovingly drew out my hottest juices. 

        Finally I almost collapsed over her and she steadied me with her
left hand while she gently sucked and milked the last few slippery
dribbles from my softening cock.  She was truly an artist at oral sex and
I knew this was a life experience I would never forget.  It was all too
obvious that she loved giving such pleasure. 

        Finally she pulled my softening shaft from her lips with a smack,
gave it a few soft parting licks of her cum-coated tongue and stood up,
still helping steady me on my feet. 

        Gasping for breath, shuddering spasticly, I gazed in ecstasy on
her shining face, and we smiled gloriously at each other.  We silently
hugged and kissed again, tasting each other's juices on each other's
tongues, and then began to shakily get our clothes back together. 

        Before she could fasten her bra I had to lean forward and kiss and
suck her magnificent breasts once more, and she sighed and stroked my head
in appreciation as I did so. 

        She fastened her bra and then gently squeezed my now hanging dong
and kissed me again. 

        "I hope we get a chance to do this again some time." she said, but
I think we both knew that this would probably be our only encounter.  We
kissed softly and deeply, silently expressing our thanks to each other for
the wonderful experience we had shared. 

        Then I pulled up my pants and put on my shirt and she zipped up
her panties and pulled on her sweater.  I picked up my tie and she
listened at the door for a moment to make sure no one was walking through
the short hallway outside. 

        Then she grinned and winked at me, turned out the light, and
exited through the door into the brightly lit hall.  I followed quickly
and shut the door behind me as she turned the corner to enter the ladies'
room.  I hurried in the other direction into the mens' room and,
thankfully finding it empty, entered a stall and sat down to dry my crotch
with some toilet paper.  Then I washed my hands, quickly put on my tie and
left, feeling flushed and sweaty but tingling all over with ecstatic
echoes of the fantastic sex I had just experienced. 

        A few moments later I made my way back to my clasroom, still
shaking inside, and went back to work on tomorrow's lesson plans, still
able to taste and smell the exquisite bouquet of sex.  What a wonderful
afternoon it was. 
