
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:05:41 1996
From: rpaladin@ix.netcom.com(Richard Fischer)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST : The Basketball Team #6 nc v s&m etc.....
Date: 24 Jun 1996 10:43:51 GMT
Organization: Netcom
Lines: 387
Message-ID: <4qlrh7$g8m@dfw-ixnews8.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: wck-ca7-04.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Mon Jun 24  5:43:51 AM CDT 1996
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!news.drenet.dnd.ca!crc-news.doc.ca!nott!torn!news.bc.net!arclight.uoregon.edu!gatech!newsfeed.internetmci.com!newsxfer2.itd.umich.edu!netnews.worldnet.att.net!ix.netcom.com!news


The following in a collaboration of Parker and myself (Paladin). 
We hope you enjoy it.

Comments should be sent to alt.sex.stories.d please.

The following contains nonconsensual sex, violence, s&m, rape, 
sadism etc.

If you are under age or offended by such, please go on to the 
next posting.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                   The Basketball Team #6


The filming continued...

Synthia's ass hole was fucked out. It seemed like the dog would
go on forever, pumping dog cock in and out of her stretched
asshole. Each time it took longer, but she could not help her
self. Regina's tittie manipulations and hot tongue had sent her
over the edge the first time, and now she just could not control
her self. Even the wire brush, its bristles cutting into her
crotch, had become part of the pain and pleasure that sent her
screaming, over and over again, into humiliating orgasms. If this
went on for much longer, she would lose her mind... if she 
hadn't done so already. She would... 

Oh no... here it came again... "UM UM UM UM... Ahhaahhhaaa..." 

And, for what seemed like the hundredth time that afternoon,
Synthia came, bucking and howling over the stool while Rover, the
great dane, pumped her asshole with incredible energy.

"Ahhh..."

The orgasm died away, but the dog kept pumping.

<The bitch was coming along nicely, Larry thought to himself.
Bitch never get off on no puny white dick again in her life.
She'd need a couple of football teams and their benches to get
her nut after this. Assuming, he reminded himself, that there is
an after for her...>

          ********************************

The filming continued...

After about half an hour, the novelty of watching a white woman
fucking a great dane and coming like a dog slut began to wane and
the spectators turned their attention to the girls. Larry had
taken charge, ordering the girls to stand up and then, one by
one, ripping the red duct tape off their crotches. The girls had
cried and moaned as their now hairless pussies were exposed to
the laughing watchers. Then, inevitably, the fat basketball coach
ordered the girls to their mounts.

"OK," he yelled when the girls were all impaled to the hilt, "'s
not fair yo coach get all the fun, so I've decided to let you
have a little too. I wants y'all ta ride yo little white pussies
up and down on those friendly dicks there." He smiled when the
girls cried out in dismay. "'course, I knows you wan' it, but yo
just too shy. Thass why I asked these men here to help out." He
pointed to behind the girls.

CRACK! 
"Ahhh..."

The teenagers turned to see a group of black boys standing behind
them, all carrying whips. They started swinging, bringing the
whips down on the girls' exposed asses, call to them to get
bouncing. The teenagers moaned and wept, but, eventually, they
{mounted up and}began to move.

**

Regina let out a quiet groan as she sank back down on the dildo.
It didn't hurt - after the baseball bat, her newly opened cunt 
could take almost anything - but the horror at being forced to
fuck herself on the plastic dildo made her shudder. She'd never
ever had a boyfriend, always being a tomboy, and now... this!
Forced to fuck herself while a group of laughing boys slid their 
black hands over her nipples and twicked her now hard clit. 

"Ahhh..."

The whip came down on her ass and she pushed herself up again...

**

Elizabeth bounced up and down on her dildo as Larry had ordered,
frantic to avoid the whip. The slender redhead squealed and
moaned each time she sunk down on the massive phallus, but
slowly, she felt a warmth build up in her stuffed cunt. Not even
aware of what she was doing, she brought her hand down and began
to rub the outside of her pussy while riding the plastic cock in
and out of her stuffed cunt. She was getting closer...

**

Terry was not only getting closer, but she was doing so for the
fourth time. "Ah... Ah... Ah... Ahhhh..." The willowy blonde girl
moved her crotch up and down in a blur as pussy juice squirted
out and dribbled down the plastic cock.

Her blue eyes closed to slits as the room seemed to spin around
her. Everything was going blurry... just like the black boys who
crowded around in front of her. They grabbed at her small
firm tits and slipped rough fingers in her swampy slit, but she
barely noticed. They all looked alike to her now... she was
floating... floating... 

Her only conscious emotion was envy for her coach... the woman
was screaming again as the dog brought her to orgasm yet again...

She is such a bitch, Terry thought. Hope the doggie rips 
her cunt right out... serve her right... 

The thought sent fresh waves of lust though the blonde's fuck-
addled mind, causing her to bounce with increased energy...
{She wondered if the doggie was this good. Coach sure seemed to 
love that canine cock. wonder if Rex at home was as big as 
this dildo? Maybe tomorrow she would....

**

Lucy, walking along the front of the bench, looked at the blonde
girl and smiled. She'd made a good choice; girl be a natural
whore. Now what else looked profitable here?

She glanced over at the big titted redhead she had chosen
earlier. Sandra, or something like that. The girl was bouncing
frantically on her dildo, her eyes wide and glassy while two
black teenagers sucked on her massive tits. The black woman
nodded. She could pick em whores out group of nuns.

Now, who else be profitable in this here string...

**

The boys had turned Whitney and Melanie around so that the two
girls were facing each other on the bench, their cunts still
stuffed with plastic cock. With encouragement from the whips, the
two girls were necking while bouncing their sore pussies up and
down. Whitney, a shorter girl with curly blonde hair was crying
and sniffling, but Melanie, her green eyes closed and face half
hidden under thick, brown hair, was whining and bucking up and
down on the dildo, her tongue eagerly exploring her friend's
mouth.

** 

Lucy noted the brunette as she continued her inspection. Another
whore... great body... do just fine on stage, too. Be a hit at 
the stag parties she had scheduled next week. Black snakes really
seek out that pouting mouth... Got to raise prices for her... Oh 
lordie the money that make her... She get that dealer change her 
order make that special paint job. Royal PURPLE, just like that 
rock star Queen something or other. This bitch work it for her.

Just one more...

She passed by Jennifer and Marcie. The two girls were cute enough
- one a short brunette and the other a tall girl with large blue
eyes and curly black hair - but they were just moving
mechanically on their plastic lovers, shoving themselves up and
down in silent agony while the black boys went at them with their
whips... 

Too stuck up for the trade. Let that fool Marty have um 
better pickings here bouts.

**

Kathryn had come once but was now just sitting there on her
dildo. For the past ten minutes, Larry had been attempting to get
her to deep throat him. It was too big, though, and the tall
brunette gagged and chocked, pleading with him as best she could
just fuck her cunt. Her cunt, squelching on the dildo as she
rocked back and forth on the bench, was wide open and ready for
more after the first orgasm. Her poor throat, on the other hand,
was...

Larry gave a hard shove. Something gave and his balls finally 
rested on her chin. Her throat commenced milking his black fuck 
stick.

"Ahhh... glchh..." The brunette chocked as yet another inch of
black cock was forced down her unwilling throat.

Larry laughed. "Now we gettin' somewhere bitch." Kathryn raised
her hands to push him away from her face, but he just cuffed her
on the side of the head. "Put them hands down. Orson... get 
your black ass over here and hold the bitch's hands. I got the 
finest feeling from her throat and bitch want to spoil the 
moment." The teenager ran over, grabbed Kathryn's hands and
pulled them away.

FLASH! FLASH!

Larry blinked, covering his face. It was the producer, Marty,
with a camera. "What you doing fool?" he hollered. "You like to
made my 'Jim Thomas' go down for I get a nut?" 

Marty just laughed. "Spade, that was a kodak moment. I'll have
glossies made and you can put then in the family album or do you
spades keep photos in the bibles?" 

"You best not get my fine black face in that picture," Larry
growled. "Else I feed you that kodak up you ass sideways."

"Look spoo... I mean spade," the producer answered. "There ain't
no need for your profile, ugly as it is. Not when I got this fine
white bitch and that long black snake sticking in her... hey
spade, she's turning blue. Don't think you should snuff the
merchandise. Least not till Walt there gets the camera reloaded
and pointed in the right direction." The producer glanced back to
where his cameraman was avidly filming Synthia and Rover. Seeing
that they were still going, he turned back to Larry. "Spoo... I
mean spade come on take it out..." 

Much as he hated to leave the warm, wet hole, Larry had to admit
that the producer was right. No offing the merchandise till 
after the game. He pulled back. His dick withdrew from the girl's
mouth with a loud pop, leaving a trail of pre-cum and spittle
down the front of her face.

"Now that is how it be done bitch." Larry said to Kathryn as she
gasped and chocked for air. "Next time you can tell um that I
been there first."

As he walked away, he gestured at Orson to make sure that the
girl started riding up and down again on the dildo...

**

Lucy glanced at Kathryn as the brunette slowly picked up speed,
but shook her head. Not right... Even with the opened throat she 
just not right for her class of customer.

There was only one girl left on the bench: Shanda, a petite girl
with extremely fair skin and white blonde hair. The girl was
riding the plastic cock up and down, but she wasn't enjoying it.
The teenager behind her was forced to lay into her with the whip
to get her to move.

Lucy frowned. This one wasn't a whore either. She gazed at the
girl for a few moments, fascinated by her pale skin. <Maybe, Lucy
thought to herself, there's something else she's good for. Worth
a try.>

Moving as quickly as her bulk would allow, the black woman
reached down, grabbed Shanda from her place on the bench and
pulled. The girl let out a cry of pain as the massive dildo was
abruptly torn from her cunt. In moments, the blonde girl was on
her knees in front of Lucy. The black woman glared down at her.
"You don't be looking like no normal pussy... my eye balls see 
you's more of a pussy eater instead. As I's got the right 
equipment I give you a try. Best be getting to it now. Make me 
mad and I give you a facial with my rasor."

The blonde girl shook her head, crying. NO!!!! Not that... 

"Don't be shaking that head on me, bitch," Lucy growled. "I says
you is a pussy licker, then you'se a pussy licker. Else maybe
you'll take yo coach's place in front of the camera... yo wan'
some dog cock?" The fat woman looked over at where Synthia was
coming for the tenth time since the dog had started. "'Course,
you'll have to wait your turn; you coach done fallen for his
brown and white furry balls." She turned her attention back to
the cowering girl. "D'ya want a turn?" Shaking, Shanda shook her
head. Lucy grinned: "Then you'll do me and like it. Understand?"

Shanda began to wail, shaking her head no... no... no... Lucy
lost what little patience she had. Swearing, she raised her
skirt, exposing a tangle of nasty dripping pubic hair over a
smelly hole. "Come to mama, you littly pasty pussy. Come suck my
clit or else... once you done this un I bet you forgets all 'bout
that old doggie you'se holding out for."

The blonde girl couldn't do it... she just couldn't... she knelt 
there, crying and shaking.
Lucy growled: "Them tears makes it better for me, but you don't
be getting down to the licking soon, I'm going to change my mind
and have you do my ass hole first. Yea... I gots to take a shit
first though to give ya the full effect." Shanda stared up at the
black woman, eyes wide. "Get to it!" Lucy grabbed the girl by the
hair and shoved her face into her crotch.

The blonde teenager tried to keep her mouth shut, but she had to
breath. Slowly, tentatively, she extended her tongue... maybe if
she kept her eyes closed...

Lucy would have none of it. "Now you open those pretty green eyes
a yours. I wants to see my little cunt licker's expressions..."

Shanda let out a groan, but did as she was ordered. Keeping her
eyes opened, she pushed her face into the black woman's smelly
crotch and began to lick and suck as best she could. Soon, Lucy's
eyes went glassy and her breath became short. This little white
girl had a talented tongue. With a little training...

**

When Larry, his cock back in his pants, turned to go watch
Synthia with the dog. Orson had wandered off to play with the
redhead's tits, and the brunette, Kathryn, was left
alone, still bobbing up and down on her dildo. 

The earfucker, his ass still smarted from the where he had been 
bitten, but now his balls ached too. He was still afraid, but 
his little head did the thinking now: they'se is all busy... 
now's m'chance to take care of business... the wolf be taking 
care of... the little bitch be going at it on the dildo...

Larry don't be no mind... they be buddies... 

These thought running through his mind, he snuck over to the
dazed brunette repeatedly impaled herself on the plastic cock.
She was almost coming, her face all red and sweaty... she do him
righteous. 

Darting forward, the earfucker grabbed the girl's head and forced
his black snake into the soft drooling white mouth. In no time,
he was inside, slowly sliding his cock in and out of her gagging
mouth. He threw his head back and laughed... he was getting it
from a white girl... he be...

"Ahhhhhhhhh... stop bitch... let lose... Ahhhh..." In her
delirium, Kathryn had bitten down on his rapidly softening black
snake.

FLASH! FLASH!

"Ah... young love," Marty commented, peering through his
viewfinder.
FLASH! FLASH!

"Ahhh... please stop her... please... Ahhh..." Attracted by his
screams, a small crowd had gathered, laughing and taunting as he
danced around, his dick still stuck in the brunette's mouth.

Marty laughed: "Boy finds girl. Boy get's in wrong hole. Hole
bites boy. Young Love!! I love it!! Bet I get top dollar from 
them S&M Mags for this sequence."

"Let go bitch... Let goooooo ... ahhhhh!" Finally, she let up and
his dick slipped from her slackening mouth.

FLASH! FLASH!

"Hear spook... turn this way so I can get a better shot of the
blood... they'll pay..." Yelling, the earfucker turned and ran
from the gym, his pants still around his ankles. Marty shrugged
and turned his attention back to Sythia. He *did* have a film to
make here.

**

Larry checked his watch as the commotion finally died down.
Almost time to get ready for the game. He looked around. 

Under the hot lights, the dog was finally running out of steam;
he'd pulled his dick from the coach's ass and a long stream of
dog cum leaked out onto the floor. Walt had moved the camera in
for a final closeup.

On the benches, the basketball team were all bouncing up and down
on the plastic dildos, some with more enthusiasm than others.
Some had black cocks in their mouths... some were using their
hands to jerk off their many "admirers"... two girls were necking
with each other... and one girl, the tiny blonde, had her face
buried in Lucy's rolling thighs. Larry smiled... the black
woman's head was thrown back and she was thrashing her legs up
and down, half suffocating the girl.

<Yep, he told himself, I think they's just about ready to play 
ball with my well rested team.>









