 I had just turned twenty-three; a skinny, self-centered kid
with a lot of hang-ups, when I met Allen.  Basically, I was a
brat who'd never really had to learn responsibility for
anything.  Allen was in his early forties, a big guy, about
six-three and 190 lb., hard and muscular, but with a graceful,
chiseled face.   It was at a party, being given by my friend
Randy.   I was kind of out of it, and was keeping to myself when
Allen came over to where I was sitting and sat down next to me. 
 He looked me up and down, and smiled.   Randy and I had been
lovers, but it had cooled down and we were just friends, and I
was sort of at loose ends, so I guess I responded to what
amounted to a come on from this older guy.   He chatted me up,
but was pretty direct.   Before long he was rubbing my crotch,
tracing the outlines of my cock.   I responded, and found a big
rock hard dick coming on to me.  One thing led to another and I
ended up going home with him.  On our way out he patted my butt,
but there was some force in it.   I could feel my butt flushing
from the slap, even through my jeans.   Hmmm, I thought, this
could get real interesting.   Even then I was very turned on by
spanking, and Allen was exactly the big, forceful older man I
fantasized about.   He was all top, and very masculine, and he
fucked me all night with that big dick.  Even more exciting,
though -- he seemed to respond to my fantasy by slapping my butt
often and hard enough that it was red all over when we drifted
off to sleep.

But what I really wanted was a good, hard, discipline style
spanking on my bare butt.   In the morning I ventured to mention
the issue.   "I loved it when you spanked me while we were
fucking, Allen.   If you..."

But he stopped me.   He put his finger to his lips and looked at
me in a knowing way.   "Don't worry, boy, you'll be getting it. 
 I know what you need.  You're an open book to me."

He had to get up and go to work that day, even though it was a
Saturday.   I gave him my phone number, and told him I really
liked him and all that.   He just grinned at me, then patted my
butt with that firm smack of his.   I told him I had to go back
to my apartment to "take care of some shit."  Just as he was
about to kick me out (he was wearing only boxer shorts),  he
told me (didn't ask, told) to come by around 3:00 that
afternoon.   "I'll take care of you then, Brian.   You and I
both know you need it." With that, he put his leg on the coffee
table and bent me, fully clothed, over his leg.   With his huge
open hand he smacked my butt, ten good hard smacks, which burned
even through the jeans.  "Just a taste, boy.   You'll get the
REAL spanking you need, like I guarantee  you've never had
before, later.  Now get." I looked back at him as I rose to go,
and his cock, fully erect and rock hard, were literally sticking
out of his shorts.

I was driven to distraction.   I had had a couple of spanking
encounters before, but this man seemed to know all my buttons,
and he told me he was going to give me a REAL spanking!   
Today!    I could hardly think of anything else, and it was all
I could do not to whip it out and beat off right then and there.
 But my attention span was minimal.  One thing led to another
that morning.   Randy wanted me to help him with his computer,
and we went to lunch....  before I knew it it was 3:15.   Oh
shit, I thought.   I made excuses to Randy (who looked at me
like I was a total slut) and called Allen.  It was 3:30.

"Hello," he answered the phone.

"Allen?  Look, sorry I'm..."

"Brian.   I'm not interested in your excuses.   I guess you
wanted to be sure I had a good reason to spank you.   And don't
worry, I WILL spank you!   Now get your ass over here, NOW."

"Yes, sir...  I..."

"NOW." And he hung up.

I went straight over to his apartment, about five minutes away. 
 I had a mixed sense of dread, even fear, and intense
excitement.  But I knew I had to go through with this...  it was
after all what I had been dreaming about, and having long wet
beat-off fantasies about, for years.   The little hairs on my
ass tingled, but my dick didn't get hard...  I was kind of
scared.

Any real fear faded when Allen opened the door.   He was dressed
in cutoff jeans, no shirt, showing off his broad muscular
shoulders and lightly tanned chest.   He peered at me with a
real mean look, but there was an element of play to it that
somehow reassured me.   It probably shouldn't have!

"All right, Brian, you've messed up, you're a selfish brat, and
you're going to get spanked.   I'll take your pants down and
spank you long and HARD-ON your bare ass with my hand; then if
you need it I'll get out the paddle and spank you with that till
I think you've learned your lesson.   You ready for a real
spanking, boy?"

I looked at the floor for a second, then looked up at him and
nodded with a tiny nod.   "Yes, sir, I know I need it."

"Good." He walked over to a bench on one side of the living room
and sat down.   He patted his lap and said, "Get over here, and
get 'em down.   NOW."

I walked over and unbuttoned my jeans.   He grabbed them and
yanked them open and roughly pulled them down, underwear and
all.   My soft dick flopped around as he guided my skinny body
across his broad lap.   He grabbed my balls and pulled them out
of the way, and positioned his huge right hand square across my
young man's butt.   There was a mirrored closet door on the
wall, and I could see my ass and his big, muscular arm.   He
raised his arm, well above his head, and brought it down fast
and hard.   SMACK!    I jerked from the force of it, and felt a
wave of flame spread over my butt.   "OWWW!"

And again, SLAP!!-- my butt roared with the heat of it.  Allen
put his whole body into swinging his arm up and smacking down
the flat of his hand like a stiff paddle across my butt.  By the
third smack I was keening with pain and my legs were jerking.  
SMACK!   SMACK!   SMACK!   SMACK!   SMACK!   SMACK!    "Ohhhhhh-
Owwwww!    OWWWWW!"

"Hold still, boy, or I'll tie your legs.  You're getting
SPANKED, not played with.  Just take it like a man."

WHACK!   WHACK!   WHACK!   WHACK!   WHACK!     "Ahhhhh!  
Ohhhhh!   God, please!    OHHHhhhh!"

I couldn't believe how much it hurt.  I had gotten a swat or two
in school, which had hurt a lot, but this went on and on and
hurt like hell!   No spanking I'd gotten as a kid even came
close.  My butt flamed, and each slap was like an electric
shock.  I never thought a man's bare hand could do that. 
Gradually I became a little numb to it, so I was still reacting
violently to each smack, but I could STAND it.  He smacked and
smacked, a steady, not fast, but very steady rhythm...  and he
covered my whole butt and the line where the cheeks meet the
thighs, till I was fairly on fire with spanking.

I continued to kick and thrash around, it hurt so much.  Finally
he practically threw me upright and said, "I told you I'd tie
your legs if you didn't keep still....  I've only just started
spanking you, and I can see you'll need some restraint, boy."

He shoved me aside, firmly but not too roughly, and opened a
drawer in the credenza and pulled out an old belt with extra
holes all the way down.  He put it around my legs just above the
knee (he pulled my pants all the way off at the same time), and
cinched it up tight.  At the same time he took out a small,
black painted wooden paddle and put it on top of the credenza. 
(Shit, not that, I thought-- but he had set it down; he wasn't
through spanking me with his hand yet).  

He guided me back over his lap and WHACK!   WHACK!   WHACK!  
WHACK!   WHACK!    -- he laid into me again!   My legs squirmed
but couldn't move much, and it only intensified the feeling of
helplessness and frustration.  But the spanking went on and on! 
 WHACK!   WHACK!   WHACK!   WHACK!   WHACK!   

I thought maybe it was over when he motioned me to stand up.  I
could only stumble to my feet, with my legs strapped together,
but it was only a change of position.  He put his leg on a
little stool I hadn't even noticed and pushed me over one leg --
like he had that morning.  But he didn't resume spanking me
right away. Instead, he put his hand on my butt and massaged it
lightly. Suddenly something sort of released in me, and I
started getting a hard-on, even though my butt still burned.

"You know Brian, I could tell right off you needed a good
spanking. You are SUCH a brat. But I know how to take care of
that. And you will learn, don't worry."

Under different circumstances I would have found this remark
incredibly arrogant and been pissed off, but he was right. I was
being bratty on purpose, to provoke him, and I wanted this. Now
I was hard as a rock, and, I could see in the mirror, so was he.

SMACK!   SMACK!   SMACK!  SMACK!   SMACK!   SMACK!   He spanked
me hard, raising his arm above his head for each smack.  I
rocked, and almost collapsed on my feet, bent over his leg, but
all I could do was moan in pain. And my hard-on stayed.  Somehow
he knew just the right pace to keep me hard while he was
spanking me even harder with his huge hand.

This went on for a long time, maybe twenty minutes of steady
spanking. My butt was BRIGHT red all over, like I'd never seen
anyone's ass before. It was hot!

Then he stopped and stood me up. "OK. Enough playing with you,
boy. You need some real punishment now. Get me that paddle."

I wasn't really ready for that!   I thought we were about done,
and it would sort of fade into a pleasant interlude in bed.
Nope. Wrong. Allen sometimes liked to spank just for fun, but he
had a mission that day. He thought I needed punishment, and he
was going to spank me till I cried. I wasn't exactly a teary
eyed little twerp. I was a brat, but I thought I was pretty
tough skinned. Well....

He took the paddle from me roughly and pushed me back into the
same position. Then WHACK!!  -- the first swat with that
"little" paddle made me jerk violently and lose my footing. 
"AHHHHHH!  Ohhh!  Please, no!" 

But he just lifted the paddle again and swatted me just as hard
again  -- and again  -- and again!   Tears did come to my eyes,
as I yelled in pain at each whack. Twelve hard swats had my butt
purple and I was almost shaking from the pain. Surely this must
be about over!

But it wasn't. He stood me up again and sat back down,
indicating for me to go over his knee again. Well, at least
there would be no more stand up swats, I thought.

But he started right away spanking me hard and fast with that
paddle. My butt was already crimson, but he just kept at it till
I was almost screaming, and jerking side to side and trying to
kick.  WHACK!!   WHACK!!   WHACK!!   WHACK-WHACK-WHACK-WHACK!!  
Then my yelling broke and became sobbing; high-pitched and
pleading.  Tears began to flow from my eyes... I couldn't
control it.  WHACK-WHACK-WHACK-WHACK!!  
WHACK-WHACK-WHACK-WHACK!!

Finally, with one last, searingly hard smack, he stopped. I
wracked with sobs and just lay there, crying and sobbing.

He put the paddle down and caressed my back and shoulders till I
stopped sobbing. "It's OK, Brian, you took a good spanking. It's
over now." He lifted me in his arms and carried me into the
bedroom and laid me down on the bed, then laid down beside me.
"Just lie there awhile and rest, boy. It's the best thing." I
actually fell asleep -- the release from having gone through
that spanking was so intense it just drained away all my nervous
energy and left me in a totally relaxed state.

Later Allen woke me up and we had wild and ferocious sex; his
thighs banging into my seared butt reminding me of the worst
spanking I had ever even imagined. But it was indeed just what I
had wanted, and it was so hot I was horny for days afterwards.
Funny about that. But it was really true. 

Allen became sort of a mentor to me. He had occasion to spank
for fun a few times, but never really spanked me for punishment
like that afterwards. But he was dead on when he saw that was
what I needed at the time, and we will always be closer for the
experience.
