                        THE BASKETBALL PLAYER


    Ever noticed yourself just staring and later daydreaming of a gorgeous
guy? Well maybe this true story will enforce the idea, that dreams can come
true.

    I am a basketball statistician for a small Ohio college.  Have been for
six years.  I have seen gorgeous guys come and go during that time period, but
this year, the most fabulous body took the court.  Boy, my hopes and dreams
for a chance at this young man went out of control.  His name is Corey, and is
6'2", average build, but really good looking.  And as with most basketball
uniforms, you can see their bulge.  His bulge was VERY attractive.

    Well, halfway through the season, I met his parents in the stands, and
upon talking with them found out that they were good friends with my parents.
Right there opened the door.  Apparently Corey's parents mentioned it to him
that they knew my parents, and from that point on Corey would chat with me on
the team bus on the way to the away games.  We became good friends.

    A few weeks later, in Kentucky, his parents after the game asked me to go
into the locker room and ask Corey whether he was riding back with the team or
with them.  So into the locker room I went, and finally the chance I had been
waiting for....to look at Corey's body.  I was not disappointed.  When I found
him in the locker room, I got a great chance to see him.  He had just stepped
out of the shower, and was standing there naked right in front of me. No hair
on his chest, and just a slight bit on his abdomen.  But a huge cock (even
when limp) was right there exposed for my viewing.  It was so beautiful and I
had to fight to keep from getting a hard on there.  Sure there were other nice
cocks to view in the locker room, but his looked nicer than any of the others,
and he had a better overall body than the rest.  During that four hour drive
back to Ohio, I kept getting a hard on thinking about his cock. I even found
myself masturbating in the car while driving.  Just thinking of Corey's young,
firm body, and fabulous looking cock made me hot.  The more I thought the more
I stroked.  And when I came, it was heaven.

    The next weekend, the trip was to Northern Pennsylvania.  This time I rode
with the team.  I sat next to Corey, and we chatted all the way up there. The
coach has this thing with the players not sleeping during the trip. Anyhow,
the topic came up on the van about sex.  About ten minutes later it turned to
'gays'.  Most of them joked about the gay lifestyle, but I noticed that Corey
remained quiet.  The first thing that I wondered was if Corey was gay?  Of
course there are the rumors that sports figures usually have gay experiences
with other members of the team, but I got the impression this was not the case
with this team.

    When we arrived at the hotel, the coach read off the list of who was to
stay with whom.  Corey being a freshman was at the bottom of the list.  Well
the coach finally read off Corey's name and stopped.  There were no other
players to room with him.  And the University did not want to waste any money.

So the coach decided to start putting the stats crew into rooms.  Guess who
was put in the same room with Corey?  ME!  Wow, the opportunity of a lifetime.
The funny thing about it is there are two to a room, and one double bed!

    Well, Corey and I took the room key and checked in.  We chatted for a
little bit and as Corey left to go to practice he winked at me.  Another hint?

    That night after the game, I was standing in the lobby of the gymnasium
waiting for the team.  Corey was the first out, and after showing him the
stats for the game, he pinched my ass and winked again.  Oh boy, I instantly
thought about what could happen in the hotel room tonite!

    When we got back the team had a brief meeting, then allowed the team to
hit the town for 2 hours.  Then they were to go straight back, check in, and
go to sleep.  When Corey got back, I was already in bed wearing nothing but my
undies.  I was sitting up watching Johnny Carson with the covers up to my
waist.  Corey undressed and got into bed.  We watched the rest of Carson, and
then Corey and I sat there talking for about 30 minutes about sports.

    Strange, but I was not getting sexually excited with this gorgeous guy in
bed next to me.  After we turned off TV, we talked some more.  Then Corey
started on the topic of sex, and about some of the things that other team
members had stated on the trip up there.

    Nothing in depth, just general talk.  Then Corey popped the question.

    "Ever had sex with another guy?" he asked.

    Gritting my teeth, I lied, "No.  Why?"

    "Well, promise me you won't let the rest of the team know that I told you,
but we occasionally have sex with each other."

    "Oh, I figured as much, but promise I will keep it quiet"

    Then Corey started getting seducive.

    Putting his hand on my leg, he asked "Want to try it with me?  I noticed
how you are always staring at me in the team huddles.  I know you want it."

    He started massaging my leg, and every so often moving a little higher
toward my cock.  But then he stopped.  He leaned over closer and whispered, "I
want you".

    Corey then put his hand on the side of my face and kissed me.  Nothing
fancy, just a plain, but solid kiss.  Our eyes just stared at each other for a
few minutes.  He then drew me close and kissed me again.  This time more
fuller and gave me a little bit of the tongue.  All this time moving his hands
to my chest and lightly massaging my chest.  I was not getting real hot. I was
intent to let him control.  He kept kissing me for at least 10 minutes, each
time more fully, and finally his tongue was exploring my mouth to the max.
Suddenly, Corey rested his hand on my cock and he started rubbing it slowly
through the cloth.  I stayed a step behind and started massaging his chest.  A
few minutes later I dared to put my hand down on his cock.  His cock was hard
and hot.  Upon rubbing his cock through his undies, he moved his hand into
mine.  I was approaching heaven.  We kept this foreplay and kissing up for at
least an hour, and both of us were quite heated up from the action.

    Finally, Corey removed my underpants, and then removed his.  He then asked
me, "If you don't want to go any further, I understand."

    "I'll go as far as you want to go", I replied.

    Instantly, Corey began the foreplay pattern all again.  Our bodies side by
side and facing each other we kept massaging and kissing, feeling each others
warmth and caress.  Corey reached up and removed the bed covers exposing our
bodies to the cold room, and to the light.  He then reached over and turned
the light off.

    "Suck me" Corey demanded.

    I reached over and gently taking his cock in my hands, I started massaging
his cock and balls.  In the meantime I positioned my self over his huge tool.
Then when I thought he really wanted it, I started my descent. I kissed the
crown of his cock, then again.  Corey moaned.  I kissed again, this time
sucking the head into my mouth.  Corey moaned again.  Each time I kissed his
cock, I took more of his tool into my mouth, and each time it was getting
harder to take it in.  I knew it would take time to get it all into my mouth,
but I was determined to do it.  Kissing, sucking, kissing, sucking, and
finally I felt his cock in my throat.  I didn't gag.

    "Now really suck it" Corey begged.

    I started slowly moving up and down his shaft, and being careful to time
the strokes in a timely way.  Each pass very slowly speeding up the action on
his cock.  It was hard not gagging with that huge cock in my mouth, but after
so long, it didn't matter.  It felt great feeling that cock rubbing the back
of my throat, just like his cock was massaging my throat.  I never enjoyed
giving head so much.

    I kept speeding up, and each time feeling my throat get warmer from the
friction.  Corey was moving his hips to my timely strokes.  Finally, I really
started the fast pace.  Sucking faster and harder, stroking his balls as I
sucked.  Corey's breathing became irregular, as I felt it body get more rigid.
Corey pushed my head away, and just as I got away from his cock, it erupted,
his juices spurting up onto his chest.  I grabbed his cock in my hand and
pumped him, and more sperm shot out of his rod.  After several more bursts, I
again wrapped my lips around his cock and started sucking again. The remaining
juices tasted great. Corey still tense and moaning loudly, let me continue. It
only took another few minutes of sucking and licking before he was ready to
cum again.  This time he allowed me to drink it all.  As his cock exploded
again, and his cock deep down in my throat, I sucked even harder.  Feeling his
cock expand as it erupted in my throat, gave my throat a fabulous sensation.
And Corey loved it.

    After Corey was finished and his body relaxed, I snuck up beside him on
the bed and started the kissing and chest massaging again.  Smearing his first
gob of cum all over his upper torso.

    Corey whispered as he nibbled on my ear, "That was nice, real nice. I've
got my work cut out for me".

    Corey then moved down to my cock as he massaged it with his hand.  My cock
rapidly grew firm.  He just rubbed it with his hand for several minutes, and
finally moved his lips to surround it.  He began imitating my method, kissing
the cock as he sucked more each time.  And his sucking was so gentle.  It sort
of tickled my cock, but it felt great.  Then he changed the method as he
started fingering my asshole and started sucking fast and hard.  He was really
going for it, as I felt the tip of my cock hit the back of his throat. He
sucked and sucked, every so often allowing his tongue to wrap around my cock.

    The action stopped, as Corey lifted my legs up, and immediately pulled his
finger out of my ass, and replaced it with his tongue.  That hot tongue in my
asshole felt fabulous.  He tickled it first, as if teasing it, then slowly
started digging his tongue deeper into my asshole.  It felt like fire. He kept
licking and pumping with his tongue for a long time and each time feeling ever
so much hotter.  I was now working up a sweat.  The heat in my asshole stopped
as he went back to work on my cock.  Slowly he sucked, being even more gentle.

    I felt the cum rise in my cock as he began sucking faster. I couldn't
stop, I shot my load down his throat, and Corey allowed some of it to escape
his mouth as it streamed down my cock.  After my body relaxed some Corey spit
my cum out onto my chest and started smearing it with his lips all over my
chest. Stopping frequently at my nipples and sucking on them. Both of us were
semi-sweaty and both getting tired.

    He laid next to me and we just simply massaged each others chest while our
cocks took a little break.  Corey again started massaging my cock, and it
slowly came back to attention.  He then positioned himself over my cock, and
taking my cock in his hand, guided it to his asshole.  Slowly he sat down.  I
felt heat start at the tip of my cock and work down to the base as he put my
cock all the way into him.  With his other hand he started stroking his cock.

    I started fucking his ass and feeling his hot insides rubbing up and down
my cock.  It was my first experience fucking a guy, and now I know what I was
missing.  Corey tightened his asshole as he went up and relaxed them as he
went down.  It only took minutes for us to cum.  It was simultaneous.  My load
shot up his ass, and his load onto my chest again. We literally collapsed both
even more sweaty and tired than before.

    Now I was beginning to worry, I never had anyones cock in my ass before,
and Corey's was large enough, that I knew it was going to really hurt.

    He read my mind.  "I'll be gentle and take it slow".

    I obliged, and lifted my legs.  Corey said no, turn over and get on your
knees.  So I did.  He bent over and started licking my asshole again. Heat
building up again. It seemed to help my muscles to relax.  Finally I felt
Corey position himself and felt his cock head squeeze between my cheeks and
rested there.  He slowly started pushing it in.  No pain at first but just
pressure.  I could feel the head finish its entrance with no pain, but when
the stem of the cock started in, pain was an understatement. Corey was pushing
ever so slowly, and carefully.  He kept whispering 'Relax' as he kept sliding
more in.  The pain was getting intense.

    "Bite the pillow", Corey recommended.

    That prevented any screaming, but the pain was getting worse as he slid
more of that huge cock in.  He stopped.  Waited, slid more in, and waited
again. He would only continue once the pain had ceased some.

    "This may be a mistake", Corey stated.

    Suddenly Corey literally rammed the remaining half real hard up my ass. I
bit right into the pillow.  Man, did it hurt.  It felt like a grenade was
shoved up my ass and then exploded.  Corey moved his hands around me and
massaged my chest as he let his cock sit in my ass without moving in or out.

    The massaging helped, and when he started kissing my neck, the pain began
to subside.  Sweat was rolling off of me.  Finally when the pain subsided,
Corey began the in-out movement.  No pain, just ecstasy.  Feeling that huge
cock rubbing against the walls of my insides felt great.  He was pumping
slowly, making it comfortable. I moved my hand down to my cock, and started
beating myself.  That also helped to relieve what pain was left.

    He then started pumping faster and harder, really heating up my ass.  We
were both in a frenzy.  The heat was fantastic, I was in ecstasy.  His body
tensed, so did mine.  I felt him erupt in my ass just as I shot my load.  We
kept shooting more and more as he pumped.  His cock stopped shooting but he
kept fucking me.  His cock still hard he kept pumping frantically.  Corey
started moaning again, and I kept jerking myself off.  I was going to cum
again. Corey let out a loud moan as he shot again in my ass.  I came a few
seconds later.  He kept pumping as he kept shooting, my asshole was on fire!

    When was he going to stop cumming?  He just kept exploding.  Finally he
collapsed on top of me, as he slowly removed his cock. He fell off to the
side, and as tired as I was I slid over and rested in his arms with my face on
his chest.  The last thing I remembered was looking at the clock and seeing
3:30AM, and thinking that we started this frenzy of fabulous sex at 12:00.

    BZZZ.  The phone buzzed.  Corey reached over and answered.  It was the
coach making the wakeup calls.  We had one hour to get ready for breakfast.

    Corey and I laid there for a few minutes in each others arms, and finally
he crawled out and headed for the shower.  My chest was crusty with dried cum
on it, and I could see that he had flakes of dried cum on his too.

    "Wanna save some time", Corey asked.

    I knew what he had in mind.  So I climbed out of bed and headed toward the
bathroom too.  He started the shower up, climbed in, and I followed.  We
soaped each other up and scrubbed our own cum off of each others body. Corey
snuck over and gave me a nice gentle kiss.

    "I love you.  I had dreams of last night, and wished they would come true.
And I have to admit that you are the first who didn't gag sucking on my cock"
Corey stated.  "We have time for one quick round."

    Immediately Corey got on his knees and put my limp cock in his mouth,
balls and all.  As I swelled, he let my balls back out, then started sucking
me real gently.  His hands on my ass pushing my cock in and out of his mouth.

    "Fuck my mouth" he said between gasps.

    I began pumping my cock in and out of his mouth.  I was doing the work, he
was just letting his lips rub up and down my cock.  It didn't take long to get
hot.  I felt his feathery touch of his lips pass over my cock head and all the
way back down my shaft.  Faster and harder I pumped his mouth. Within minutes
I shot.  Spurting juices in.  He did not swallow, but kept his mouth tightly
shut as I finished shooting.

    Corey laid back in the shower on his back and spread his legs in
invitation. I bathed his cock, lathering it up with soap, then rinsing it
clean.  All the time his cock getting solid and real hard.  After rinsing I
plunged his cock into my mouth.  Not slowly, but all in one movement I took it
all in. The sensation returned of his cock rubbing the walls of my throat.  I
loved it.  I sucked slowly but hard.  And as I sped up the action and sucked
lighter. Corey started lifting his hips toward me with each stroke of my lips.

His breathing picked up, and very quickly he grabbed my head and fucked my
face hard.  In just a few minutes he shot, as he kept breathing hard through
his nose.

    He was holding my cum in his mouth for a reason. He shot and shot and when
he stopped he just held his cock deep in my throat. Finally he let me go.
Before I could stop to get my breath, he kissed me spitting my cum into my
mouth and sucking his cum from my mouth, mixing our sacred juices together. We
began deeply frenching.  He started stroking my cock and wrapped his arms
around me tightly.  I did the same.  We were jerking each other off one more
time.  His cock shot cum all over the two of us and I did the same.  We
stopped kissing, and just rubbed our cum into the water, bathing ourselves
off.

    Corey and I are now lovers.  We don't do anything too wild like the above
just so we can savor the night we first 'met'.  We see each other every night
and take turns staying over at the others.  Strange part is, that the rest of
the basketball team treats me differently now.  I am a part of the team, not
an outsider.  And apparently they understand that I have removed one of their
sex partners from their ring, and are happy that Corey and I love each other.

    Corey is my dream cum true!

