Archive-name: Bestial/asc-0.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Animal Sex Circus - 1


WARNING! The following work  contains Sexually Explicit Material which
can not under current laws be shared by anyone under the age of 18
in the United States.  If material depicting Sexual Acts offends you,
do not continue to read this work.

Do not remove this warning from any copy of this work, physical or
electronic.  The scaner has inserted this warning for his or her and
your protection.


The Animal Sex Circus-1

The sex cirrus is not a modern innovation of the Hippies or 
Swingers. Its genesis is as ancient as the Roman Empire (and 
probably a lot older). Gabby old Petronius meticulously informs 
us quite a bit about Roman morals in general and prostitution in 
particular, and he does not hesitate to dip his quill into 
detailed acts of sex, including the two types of sex circuses, 
one in which only human beings participated and finally the Sex 
Circus in which humans and animals took part. And if we are to 
believe Petronius, Juvenal and Martial, et al, we can only 
conclude that both types of sex circuses were not the least bit 
rare certainly far more common than they are today.

Roman law was very two-faced but dogmatic about prostitution and 
prostitutes, even going so far as to prescribe the type of dress 
prostitutes must wear, so that they could be distinguished from 
"virtuous" women. Needless to say, a "virtuous" woman in ancient 
Rome was more than a non-drinker on Skid Row!

Roman women who played-for-pay were not permitted to wear the 
stola, a loose-fitting garment which concealed the form, or the 
vitta with which Roman ladies bound their hair, they could not 
wear shoes or jewels or purple robes, as these were the insignia 
of virtue. Instead, whores died their hair red or yellow and 
wore the toga like the men! Instead of shoes, they wore sandals 
tied at the instep with leather thongs. Their dresses had to be 
of flowered material.

Theory of law is one thing; practice is another. Prostitutes did 
wear jewels   tons of them  and purple robes; and they did wear 
garments that more than revealed their ample curves, such as 
silken robes from Tyre, whose texture was almost as thin as air. 
Red hungry nipples and dark triangles of pubic hair could easily 
be seen through these robes.

Roman prostitutes were not strangers to venereal disease either, 
a fact that somehow escapes modern writers. We do, however, find 
later Roman writers referring to morbus indecens (indecent 
ailments) such as the rubigo, the elazomenae and morbus 
campanus. However, it must be admitted that the ancient writers 
do not directly attribute these diseases to sexual intercourse 
with prostitutes. Just what these diseases were, we will never 
know for certain. If they were not gonorrhea and syphilis, they 
very strongly resembled these age-old sexual ailments.

Sex Circuses were common, too, orgiastic activities which 
prostitutes gave for assembled customers and even for the 
emperors  although in the latter case the whores were better 
paid and "better class" courtesans, offering their perverted 
services to only the patricians and disdaining the "common 
people."

In these harlequinades as many as ten couples would perform men 
and women engaging in every sexual perversion known to the human 
race. Men would fellate little boys and vice versa; there were 
acts of anal intercourse between men and boys, mutual fellatio 
in the sixty-nine position; tribasistic spectacles between women 
and little girls and adult lesbians. There would be living 
"daisy chains" of men, women and children, and often one woman 
would perform with four or five men, all the males doing 
different things to her at the same time, or as Juvenal says: 
"Euery opening was giuen to the Venus."

There was the human/animal Sex Circus, and while such a sexual 
extravaganza was not held as regularly as the type involving 
only human beings, it was a thousand times more common than it 
is today.

Nubians (male and female) were very popular and prized in these 
filthy tableaus, the males for their huge organs, the females 
because it was believed that a Negress, having more lust, could 
perform better. One ancient writer even tells of a Nubian 
male even killing a she-goat with his tremendous phallus!

We have no way of ascertaining if sex circuses took place during 
the Middle Ages. The records do not say. Probably not not 
because the people were  so moral or because of the insane 
attitude of the Church . . . since the priests and soul-savers 
fornicated along with the rest of the populace. Sex circuses 
were unknown because bestiality was so prevalent among the 
masses. Why pay to witness what was a part of daily living? The 
people thought like animals, lived with animals and . . . 
screwed like, and with, animals.

Morals were so debauched that even art depicted scenes of lust 
and licentiousness. It is a well known fact that the majority of 
the great works of Gothic architecture were so profusely adomed 
with lewd and filthy sculptures that, later, modesty forced 
their removal. Astonishingly, most of the subjects were taken 
from religious orders! In some cases, priests and/or monks were 
represented in carnal connection with nuns; still other 
sculptures revealed penitents undergoing flagellation at the 
hands of their confessors. Other basreliefs showed monks engaged 
in connections with animals; and there is one in which a naked 
nun is shown being raped by a monkey. Nor were such "artistic 
works" displayed in back streets and in gutters. No, instead 
they adorned the doors, windows and arches of many of the finest 
Gothic cathedrals in France, Germany and Italy.

We do know a good deal about the modern Sex Circus. And they are 
more numerous than the average person might believe. There are 
those places in every large city, in every nation on the face of 
the earth, where, for a price, one can witness the most 
degrading of acts . . . between men and women, men and men, 
women and women, and between men and women and . . . animals.

France is noted for its sex  which is overblown propaganda   but 
in the mind of the world the French woman is equated with the 
Negress, both supposedly the ultimate in sexual ability and 
performance. There are sex circuses in France, with tourists 
always being in the majority as spectators. It should be of 
interest to the student of psychosexual matters to note that it 
is very remarkable how persons who are pillars of society and 
respectability "back home" feel that they must see such a filthy 
showing. Some tourists, having been so brainwashed about these 
performances, feel that it is just as necessary to take in such 
a sight as it is to see the famous cathedrals and art galleries! 
Properly speaking, we cannot call these people either latent nor 
active voyeurs, but regular attendants at these spectacles 
definitely are . . . perverts who obtain a sexual satisfaction 
out of seeing women and men in the nude, and preferably in the 
performance of sexual acts. Men and women of repressed 
homosexual tendencies also attend; by watching homosexuals, they 
subconsciously gratify their own homosexual longings. And by the 
same token, the performers are often actuated by the opposite 
perversity of exhibitionism getting a thrill out of having 
strangers "admire" their sexual feats.

In Paris the sex circus, or "Grand Spectacle" is usually in the 
form of a play, presented on a stage, complete with special 
lighting and other theatrical effects. But the script is always 
the same: The men and women perform mutual masturbation, 
fellatio, cunnilingus, analingus, coitus per rectum, coitus per 
vagina and what-have-you. There are "acts" in which only 
lesbians (or male homosexuals) perform; and there are those 
circuses in which men and women and children   perform with 
animals. There are all manner of variations and combinations. 
Even penis substitutes are used when lesbians perform.

The author of this present study was fortunate enough to find an 
ex-G.I. who, during World War II, witnessed such a "Grand 
Spectacle" at the Quartier Latin, a night club in the Place 
Pigalle. I interviewed him with a tape recorder and gave his 
story word for word, transcribing from the tape exactly as he 
told his tale to me. This ex-G.I., now in his mid-forties and 
balding, is a construction worker in New York City, and if his 
choice of words are indicative of anything, they reveal 
obviously that he did not take advantage of the G.I.-Bill, after 
his discharge, and further his education.

"Well, a bunch of us guys was on leave and in Paris," the ex-GI 
explained, "and we decided to take in the sights you know, some 
booze and some of the French gals we had heard so much about. We 
went to this here nite club and when this old Frog came over to 
our table and said that for five hundred francs we could see 
this 'exhibition,' we jumped at the chance after he told us what 
an 'exhibition' was . . . men and women fuckin' n' suckin' each 
other . . . all sorts of weirdo sex acts.

"Course, this sex deal was not on the main floor of the club   I 
mean for just anybody to see. The average Frog couldn't have 
afforded it no how. But us GIs was loaded  and what the hell is 
five hundred francs! So we followed this old bird down to the 
basement, real cautious like. We figured if we was gonna get 
mugged, we'd slit a couple of throats ourselves. The basement I 
call it that was really an old wine cellar, one of them large 
vaulted deals like you see in the movies. But there wasn't no 
booze there; the Krauts had stolen all the vino.

"In the middle of the cellar was a sort of stage with a bed and 
some chairs in its center; and facing the stage on one side were 
boxes and cartons to sit on. When we five guys walked in  and 
man! we were ready for anything, believe me the place was 
already half full. Even some American brass! There was at least 
two officers with chickens on their shoulders and a captain and 
a major. But what the hell! We were on leave, and since the 
brass was there, why shouldn't we be! Why it wouldn't have 
surprised me if 'Old Blood & Guts' (Patton) himself wouldn't 
have barged in!

"When there was about oh, maybe forty of us present, the 
'exhibition' began. And would you believe it! Two WACS was 
there, too, sitting right there in the front row. I'll bet they 
took on a couple of Officers before the night was over. Hell, I 
caught clap offen a WAVE once. Anyhow, two girls and a man all 
three stark naked got on the stage, and the old Frog  you know, 
he was a filthy old fart! turned on a spot light. The two girls 
had black hair and was about twenty years old, and really 
stacked up. Man, did my mouth water for them nipples! I guess 
the man was close to thirty.

He got on the bed and laid on his back. At the same time, one of 
the girls crawled up over his face and pushed her bunny box 
right down on his lips and he began suckin' her, while the other 
gal got on all fours in front of him and began playing with his 
peter  jackin' him to make it hard. She got it hard in nothing 
flat and put it in her mouth and began sucking it like crazy 
real slow and hard, gettin' as much of it in her mouth as she 
could.

I don't think the guy ever did 'come,' because when they changed 
positions and one of the girls laid on her back and the guy 
began fuckin' her in the mouth, his jock was still as big as a 
rolling pin. The other dame crawled around in back of him and 
buried her face in his ass lickin' his red-hole, I guess. Man, 
what a sight! I ain't never seen nothing like it!

"After this the two gals began 69ing each other. While they 
slobbered in each other's cunts, the guy sat on the edge of the 
bed and licked the girls all over, playing with his peter all 
the time. And he had a pair of balls on him as big as his peter!

"All of us just sat there, bug-eyed and wiggling on our seats, 
getting 'stone-aches,' and nipping at the wine bottles we had 
lugged down to the cellar with us.

" 'Come on, damn it!' one of the colonels shouted. He was really 
gassed. 'Stick that big prick of yours in one of those sluts!'

"The old Frog translated into French and the 'actors' changed 
positions. One of the girls, after caressing the guy's dick, 
rolled over and the man crawled on top of her, the other dame 
guiding in his root. He began fucking the gal like crazy, her 
throwing her long legs round his waist and moving her ass just 
as fast as he moved his. While they fucked, the other dame sat 
on the bed and jacked herself off.

"Finally the guy must have shot his load. He rolled off the 
whore and both of them were sweaty as hell  and lay there while 
the girl who had been jacking herself took hold of his wet and 
limp peter and crammed it into her mouth. The girl who had just 
gotten fucked moved herself around and began licking the ass-
hole of the girl suckin' off the guy. And while she sucked her 
she played with her pussy with one hand and with her other hand 
she put her finger into the man's bung-hole. We could hear them 
groaning and slobbering and making noise.

"We wondered what the three could possibly do next. They had 
sucked and fucked each other  so what was left? By God! We soon 
found out, after the old man led a big white collie dog onto the 
stage. One of the girls put several pillows under her butt and 
spread her legs real wide. The naked bastard onstage unsnapped 
the leash and said something to the dog and it leaped onto the 
bed, snuggling right up between the girl's legs and beginning to 
tongue away at her cunt. We almost fell on the floor, we was so 
shocked! The way that dog parted her hair and went after that 
pussy juice.

"But we was in for a surprise. By God if we weren't! The other 
girl got on the bed, rolled over to the dog, who was on all 
fours, and began squeezing his nuts and playing with his prick. 
You know what? When the collie's prick was real hard and hanging 
out, all red and wet, the girl got underneath him and actually 
began sucking that dog's prick! I heard one of the WACS say, 'I 
think I am going to vomit!' And she puked right on the floor!

"Well, sir, that dog sucked the slut and got sucked by the other 
bitch for I guess maybe five minutes. Then the girl sucking the 
dog changed places with the other girl, and the man his jock was 
big and hard again  led the dog up between her legs. The collie 
had to be trained. He knew what the score was and knew exactly 
what to do. Right off the bat he mounted that French whore and 
began fucking her just like a man would do. I dunno, maybe the 
dame enjoyed it. She must have from the way she acted, but there 
was no way to tell for sure.

"Say, mister what in hell do you want to write about animals 
fucking people for?"


--
