Archive-name: Family/auntsue.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Aunt Sue


     At the age of seventeen I moved into my older sister's
house, taking over a bedroom and a washroom in the basement. It
worked out pretty well; Peggy, my sister and her husband Rick,
left me alone mostly and their kids, Jason, 14, and Julie, 13,
were alright kids. I had my own entrance and shared the phone so
I was nicely set for a girl of 17. The only problem was that the
storage room and my two rooms were only separated by wood
panelling and it was noisy sometimes.
     I moved in in June and after I'd been there a couple of
weeks I noticed Jason staring at me from time to time. Sometimes,
when I was sun bathing in the back yard I would glance up at the
house and see a curtain quickly drawn. Occasionally, I'd
straighten up after bending to put something in the dishwasher
and there he'd be, with a funny little smile on his face. I was
kind of flattered and thought, "what 14 year-old boy wouldn't ?"
Afterall, I took great pride in my body-I was 5'7", slim, with
large (36D), firm breasts, long legs that I keep in shape by
dancing, and shoulder length, thick blonde hair. When I go out I
tend to dress to accent my assets: High heels, leather minis,
tight faded jeans, form fitting tops or sometimes something loose
and blousy, revealing as I turn this way or that. If I'm home, a
wee T-shirt and short shorts, or my skimpy bikini.
     One day I picked up the phone and heard Jason talking to his
best friend, Mike. He said quietly, "It'll be great, everyone's
going away for the weekend and we'll be the only ones here." My
nosiness got the better of me, afterall, I was going to be home
all weekend, except for a part time job Saturday afternoon; I was
shocked to hear what came next. "It's all set," Jason continued,
"when she gets home from work, we'll be in the storage
room-she'll never come in-and we can see everything! Honest, I
made the holes." I replaced the receiver and looked at the wall
and couldn't see anything, until I got up and and looked closely.
On either side of the full length mirror, 4 feet from the floor,
in the thin panelling, were two small drilled holes. I stepped
into the washroom and found two there, as well. I couldn't
believe it. I ran into the storage room and found the holes in my
bedroom and, looking through them, was amazed. It was as if you
were standing in the same room, my bed and dresser, the couch,
the closet door were all in perfect view. Moving down the wall
and looking through the holes I saw my shower and toilet just a
couple of feet away. 'Those little bastards,' I thought, angry at
first and then kind of understanding: 'Maybe Saturday will be
fun....' I smiled wickedly.
     As a weekend phone receptionist I was able to wear any thing
I wanted and this day I was dressed to the hilt: Black leather
mini skirt, sheer black stockings, 5" stiletto heels and a black
leather vest. My shiny blonde hair created an exceptional
contrast. Unseen, my black-lace half bra (my nipples just peeking
out), black silk panties and garter belt, kept me horny all day.
      When I returned home everything was quiet but I checked a
small piece of paper I'd left in front of the storage room door
to find it moved completely: The boys were there. I entered my
apartment excited, thinking about my young audience, and turned
on some sensual music on the stereo. Slowly I gyrated with the
music, watching my reflection, fully aware they were just two
feet in front of me, and began an erotic strip-tease. I moved my
hips in a gentle, circular motion while unbuttoning my vest until
it was open fully at my chest, revealing my lace covered globes.
Then, with both hands behind me, I arched my hips forward and,
bit by bit, lowered the zipper on my skirt and, after a
hesitation, let it fall around my ankles and then, turning my
panty covered ass to the wall, bent from the waist to step out of
the leather garment. As the black lace crept between my cheeks I
was sure they could see the wet spot on my crotch. Throwing the
vest on the bed I danced a sensual dance for the rest of the
song-running my long painted fingernails over my body, cupping my
heavy breasts with both hands and squatting, perched on my heels,
knees spread, in front of the mirror, stroking my inner thighs. I
licked my ruby red lips with my long, pink, pointy tongue while
staring into the mirror.
     When the song ended I walked about the room, bending this
way and that displaying myself to the boys. I was getting super
horny and even patted my pussy a couple of times but I didn't get
into it too much, wanting to tease them even more.
     When I slipped into the bathroom I heard them shuffle to
their new vantage point. With my back to them I leaned forward
over the sink, on tip toes, my face close to the mirror, and
touched up my make-up, being sure my feet were a good three feet
apart. I really laid on the dark lipstick and heavy eyeliner and
added blush to add to my dynamic, powerful look.
     Returning to the bedroom, I gazed for a moment into the
mirror again, slipping a hand down the front of my panties and
just touching the tip of my throbbing clit, "Mmmnnn....." I
moaned, my knees buckling slightly. I was too horny now, I had to
do something.
      Quickly, I left my bedroom and flung open the door to the
storage room- "Jason!" I shouted, bringing one arm up across my
chest in mock modesty and the other down, cupping my puss. "-And
Mike....what is going on? What are those holes?!" I looked at the
pinpricks of light in the wall.
     "Oh no....." Mike said softly.
      "Well-I-uh....that is...." stammered Jason. Both boys were
dressed in shorts and their young hard-ons were blatant as they
alternately looked at the wall and each other while stealing
glances at me. I was considerably taller than the boys,
especially in heels. They were only shoulder height to me-eye
level with my heaving chest. I now stood with my feet apart and
hands on my hips, breasts gently separated and exposed, and
glared down at them, "I think you two have some explaining to
do..." I pointed to my bedroom door and they shuffled in as I
followed and closed the door.
     I sat on the couch and crossed my legs while Jason and Mike
apologised and begged forgiveness. They went on and on until I
said, "Have either of you seen a naked girl before ?" They shook
their heads, blushing. I stood up and walked between them and
with my back to them unsnapped the front of my bra, and turning
back toward them dropping it on the floor said, "Did you hope to
see these ?" My bare breasts jiggled inches in front of their
gaping mouths, the pink nipples stiffening as I smiled down at
them.
     "Holy....." Mike whispered.
     "Man oh man...." Jason said hoarsley. They both gulped and
looked intently at my firm tits. My pussy quivered in heat. I
pointed to the snaps securing the sheer nylons to my garter belt.
     "Undo them boys." Trancelike the two boys stepped forward
and fumbled with my garter but finally they were both loose, "Now
slowly roll them down to my ankles..." Inch by inch and with both
hands they rolled my black, sheer stockings down over my thighs
and my firm calves until the boys were kneeling at my feet. One
at a time I had them remove a high heel and nylon and then put
the shoe back on my foot. Then I looked down at them. With their
innocent faces upturned they looked directly into my crotch.
"With your teeth, pull these down..." I snapped the front of my
silk panties. Eagerly the two boys were mouthing my panties and
clutching at their crotches as their wet, drooling lips pulled my
panties to my ankles, nibbling at my flesh all the way, revealing
my nicely trimmed, blonde bush as they gasped for air. I stepped
out of them and stood, feet wide apart, and threw off my garter
belt saying, "Is this what you guys were looking for?"
     "Oh yeah...."
     "Unbelievable...." They just stared at my pouting,
glistening twat, still fondling themselves. Sitting on the edge
of the bed I crossed my legs and told them to stand up and take
off their shirts. After they bared their hairless chests I
reached forward and put a hand into each crotch, getting a
handful of young, hard flesh, and squeezed and fondled them while
licking my lips. Letting go, I lay back on the bed, uncrossed and
spread my legs, feet on the floor and grasped my tits, squeezing
hard, staring at the boys who watched me in awe. I moved my hands
down my tummy and between my legs, pulling my cunt lips apart,
rolling my hips, one finger grazing my protruding clitoris-I
could barely control my breathing.
     "Take them off..." I breathed looking at their shorts and
clumsily they dropped them revealing two clean, throbbing, young
cocks. Though their pubic hair wasn't fully grown, the rest of
them was. Swollen pink balls hung beneath the smooth, hard
pricks. I cupped an aching breast in each hand and said "Come,
suck on these..." They crawled onto the bed, one on either side
of me, and tentatively leaned their mouths forward to grasp a
hard nipple each. "Mmnn...yeah..suck them..." I moaned while
reaching behind them, grabbing their firm asses and pulling them
down on top of me until they each wrapped their legs around one
of my spread thighs, rubbing their quivering pricks against my
silky skin while they continued to slurp on my tits. Writhing and
moaning underneath of them I worked my hands between their legs
to lightly scratch a scrotum with each hand-they pressed harder
into my thighs-I touched their tight assholes with a fingernail
as they too began making animal sounds. Our three naked bodies
pressed hard into each other and they each filled their hungry
mouths with my warm breast flesh. I could feel my dripping pussy
tingling wetly with two hard shafts so near, my pelvis moving,
snakelike. They were bucking against my inner thighs like dogs,
grunting and groaning. Wordlessly I reached in front of them,
grabbing their dicks and pulled them up my body, positioning them
so that they were kneeling on either side of my head, their
quivering cocks jutting out, over my face. I wrapped a hand
around each throbbing dick and squeezed, pumping slowly. Turning
my head toward Jason I snaked my tongue below his balls and
lifted one with my tongue, playing and rubbing and sucking. I
opened my mouth letting Jason position his testicles above my
lips and I filled my mouth with him. The boys each took one of my
swollen breasts in hand, squeezing and pinching my nipples while
my pussy ached.
     Releasing Jason I turned my attention to young Mike as I
hungrily lapped his balls, both boys were moaning and quivering,
I knew they wouldn't last long. I ran the tip of my tongue along
the underside of Mike's cock, from the base to the shiny purple
head, feeling him shudder. Doing the same to Jason, I ended up
engulfing the head with my warm mouth, sucking in my cheeks and
opening my throat. I pulled back and, a cock in each hand, began
rubbing them both over my lips, wetly licking and sucking until,
my mouth as wide as it can go, they were both in my mouth, my
tongue slithering across their hardened flesh while I groped at
their balls.
     Jason began the low moan first quickly followed by Mike.
They began to shudder and shake and manipulated my breasts harder
and faster. Legs spread, my hips started to buck and jump on the
bed when the eruptions began. Thick, hot white spurts of come
filled my mouth from both spasmodic cocks until they were
shooting more than I could swallow, causing the sticky liquid to
drip from my stretched lips onto my face. Licking and sucking all
I could I frantically swallowed their come, pumping and squeezing
every last drop with my hands-my body writhing beneath them. The
boys relaxed slightly but I was still due and since their young
pricks remained hard, I scrambled up, pushing Jason on his back.
      Straddling his hips I grabbed his prick with both hands,
rubbing the head up and down my greasy slit. "I'm gonna fuck you,
boy, uhn...uhn..uhm yeah...oh... yeah," I panted, bouncing on his
hips, "You want...uhn.. that.. eh? You want me to... uhn... put
it in?" I moaned, squeezing and pumping his cock. Wide-eyed, he
nodded his head eagerly. I glanced at Mike stroking his erect
penis and said, "That's right...uhn.. mmnn.. uhn... keep it...
uhn... warm...." and directed Jason's cock into my hole.
Instantly I descended full length onto his prick, filling myself.
With a long, low moan I fell forward smothering Jason with my
breasts and reached behind me with both hands spreading my ass
cheeks, groaning, "Come on Mike! Ohhh! Up my... a-h-h... up my
uhm.. uhn.. ass!"
     Mike needed no more encouragement as I felt his hands on my
ass and the tip of his cock nudging my tight asshole. I pulled my
cheeks wider and ground my breasts into Jason's face. "Come on...
yeah.. all-the-way... uhn... uhnn... stick it in!" I called and
Mike drove his cock deep into my rectum and continued to pound
into me in a frenzy, pushing my pussy hard against Jason which
jammed his cock deeper into my pussy. Both young boys began to
fuck me with all their might stretching both orifices to the
limit-I had Mike holding my hips securely as he pounded into me
from the rear and Jason biting and sucking my nipples as he
bucked and weaved beneath me grinding my clitoris back and forth.
Again and again the waves of orgasm enveloped my body as I lost
control, wriggling and thrashing under their two-pronged assault.
Mike pulled his cock almost all the way out of my anus allowing
me to raise my hips slipping Jason's dick almost all the way out
of my pussy when Mike would suddenly drive the length of his
prick into me again, impaling me on Jason's rigid tool-time and
time again until the boys joined me in my extended orgasm by
loading my holes with their flowing semen and finally, we
collapsed in a heap of quivering, sweaty flesh. We pryed
ourselves apart and I slowly got to my feet feeling slightly bow
legged.
     "I'm going to have a shower, it's time for you to go," I
said and stepped into the bathroom, hearing them rustle around
behind me. I hung a towel over the holes in the wall and turned
on the water.

--
