"Bad Weekend Gone Good"   
     
     
     Hello, I am Bill and I am a junior at Bixby University.  I am
also in a fraternity (in case you wondered, it is Gamma Alpha
Upsilon).  Any way, it was a typical weekend around our frat house
I was bored as usual...everybody at the house had gone home...and
there were about 3 people there for the weekend.  
     
     I was horny as hell (as usual).  Usually I would just jerk off
to a pair of my roommates underwear.  He wears jockeys and they
smell SOOOOO good.  I can only imagine his hot cock pressed tight
inside them.  Sometimes I can smell a faint whiff of shit on the
back of them where his tight, hot little ass sits all day...and
they always smell like his sweat.  But he went back to Utah for the
weekend (and took his laundry to be washed).
     
     So this weekend I was without a pair of jerk of material.  I
figured I would just spank it off, take a shower and then go off
and watch TV, but then it occurred to me that there were OTHER cute
guys in the house I fantasized about, and their underwear might be
just as available as my roommates, since everybody was gone this
weekend.  I had SEVERAL guys in mind, so I left my room and went
across the hall.  Alas, this cutes hunks underwear were nowhere to
be found (he took laundry home for mom too apparently).       
     
     Then I though for a second, one of the guys that was new this
semester, a young, muscular, and VERY VERY cute guy, was staying
this weekend, but he had supposedly gone out to eat (that is what
he told me).  I thought in the past about stealing a pair of his to
sniff while stroking my cock, but then figured it unwise...but NOW? 
     
     So I go upstairs and pop open the door, fully expecting the
room to be deserted...but nope.  Guess who was laying on their
bedroom couch with his legs spread open, a hardon, and a pair of
underwear over HIS face, which he QUICKLY stuffed between the
cushions?
     
     "Oh god man PLEASE don't tell on me!", he says as he covers
himself.
     
     "I'm not going to tell on you..." I said as I closed his door
behind me.  "What the FUCK are you doing any way? And WHAT did you
stuff between the cushion of that couch?"
     
     "Nothing man...just a tissue..."
     
     "Yeah right...If you want me not to tell, you better SHOW me
what that was!"
     
     So he shows me that it is a pair of underwear, and I asked him
whose it was.  He at first said it was his underwear, but I told
him I knew better than that.  Nobody does their OWN underwear.  He
had a cute roommate, a thin, wily, little guy who took a bath about
3 times a week...and who always smelled fine (as far as underwear
sniffing might go...nice and sweaty and MASCULINE).  So I figured
that's whose they were.  I told this guy if he didn't tell me WHOSE
THEY WERE I was going to rat on him. So he fessed up that it was
his roommates underwear and that he does it all the time.      
     
     We talked for a few minutes and he eventually told me HE was
gay and that he regularly sniffed guys underwear all over the
house, including mine.  So I was very surprised, and told him that
I had actually come up to grab a pair of HIS. Then we promised to
prep our underwear for each other by wearing them for at LEAST two
days, working out in them, leaving DEFINITE brown stains in the
back, and a few nice drops of cum whenever possible.  Just to make
the whole thing fun, we also decided that it would be cool to SWAP
underwear (i.e. wear each others sometimes) .  I actually love
doing this, as it keeps me in a nice hardon all day long (he wears
silk bikini underwear...I normally wear briefs, but he likes bikini
so I went out and bought some just for him).
     
     Well, after we talked about underwear and the sort, we decided
that just jerking off and sniffing underwear was not going to do it
for us at that particular moment.  So I told him I would very much
like to get him off and swallow his whole load of cum, if he didn't
mind of course.  I told him to put his roomies underwear over his
head COMPLETELY and asked him if he had any lubricant. He says "top
drawer left".
     
     Now I have never fisted anybody before, but I always jerk off
about the idea, so I told him I was going to fist him, and he said
he always wanted to try it (but he was a little scared!)  I rubbed
lubricant all over my hand and his ass (we put a towel under him to
keep his couch clean), and then I stuck a finger up his ass.  I
told him not to touch his cock at all, I was going to get him off
by massaging his prostate with my hand.  
     
     I started to move my pointer finger in and out of his ass and
told him to just breath nice and deep through those underwear (and
man was he breathing...I wanted really to smell the sweet breath
coming out of those cute, innocent boys lips, but I was BUSY). 
Then I managed to work another finger into his ass, I decided to
put one finger from each hand in his asshole so I could slowly pry
his asshole apart, and it worked too. As I gently massaged his
sphincter, I could feel it loosen up, and I could hear his moans
increase. His hips started to gyrated, his breathing increased, he
pushed off the couch to push my finger deeper into his ass, and he
grunted.  He also tried to grab his cock, but I slapped his hand
away and said NO!  It was off limits.  I told him to pinch his
nipples (which were VERY nice on him BTW; large, round, maroon in
color and VERY hard right now...I want to suck on them...but still,
I was busy).  
     
     After I got two fingers in him I switched back to one hand,
his ass was quite loose now and I pointed my entire hand into the
pointed little shape that I do when I do this to myself in the
shower.  I pressed it hard into his ass and it almost went up to my
last set of knuckles.  He was really moaning now, he kept telling
my to "PUSH IT ALL THE WAY IN...FORCE IT!" he screamed. But I
didn't want to hurt him, just make him cum. 
     
     I decided to put more lube on my hand because his little
asshole was taking a lot of stress, I also put some lube on his
cock, balls and chest.  I just wanted to look at his lubed cock and
I like to see a nice glistening muscular chest as well. I mean I
was doing the work here right?  Why shouldn't I have something nice
to look at!?!  
     
     After that I decided to force my hand a little harder than
before into his ass, the help of his gyrating hips made it a lot
easier, because in a few minutes, my whole hand was inside his ass.
I was actually up to my wrist inside him, and he was moaning like
a banshee!  The inside of his ass was SO warm and soft, and I could
feel his asshole tightening around my wrist.  His moans made me so
happy.  This boy was enjoying himself a LOT, and I did it to him! 
He kept thrusting his weight down on my hand to make me go deeper
inside up.  So I lubed my self up to the elbow (I hadn't done this
before and didn't know how far I could go...so I was going to be
prepared!)  I actually only got up to about three inches past my
wrist before I decided to stop...he was screaming loud enough and
sweating like a hog, he wanted to come really bad, I could tell, so
I fingered around till I found his prostate and started to work on
it.  I went slow at first then I just decided to go as fast as
possible, I massaged it about as fast as I can jerk myself off, and
man was HE liking it!  Hyper-ventilating through his roommates
underwear and THRUSTING himself onto my fist!  Pretty soon he
stopped for a second, and his ass closed tight around my writs...I
could feel his prostate ripple (and the rest of him shuddered as
well) and then his load of hot cum shot out of his cute, hard, 17
year old cock, ALL OVER the chest I had just lubed for him!  Oh it
was so nice looking at his fresh out of high school and into
college swimmers/weight lifters chest all oiled up with a beautiful
drops of pearly white semen all over it!  I could have cried!
     
     After I pulled my hand out of his ass I asked him if he would
mind too terribly if I could lick his hot cum off his chest and
nipples (and suck the rest out of his cock), of course he said it
was okay  
     
     "You made me feel FINE man...go ahead...you deserve it!"     
And I had my treat, his hot, thick teenage cum slid down the back
of my throat like butter, and while I gently licked it off his
nipples, he stroked the back of my head and told me how much he has
been waiting for this time to come, man was this nice!
     
     When I cleaned him off he told me it was MY turn, because  as
he told me "You know, YOU haven't cum yet...but you're going to
soon...and YOU'RE not going to use your hands either!"
     
     Oh JOY!
