                                  The Barman

  I was walking along the street on my way home from a late night at the
office.  It was very dark and for some reason I felt very uncomfortable.  I
kept looking over my shoulder looking for someone or something.  After a while
I decided that I wasonly imagining things but never the less I decided to go
into a bar and have aquiet beer.  I had just passed a bar so I turned around
and walk back and wentinside.  As it was a Tuesday night, the bar was deserted
except for the barman.

  I sat at the bar and the barman came over: "What will you have" he said.
"I will have a beer please mate".  He poured me a beer and put the beer down
in front of me on the bar.  After a few sips I said "Quiet night?", "yeh, it
always is on a Tuesday night.  Everyone is at home with their wives or
something".  As he was talking I noticed his body.  It was not anything
spectacular but he was not a bad looking guy.  He had a tanned body with firm
muscles and a wide shoulders.  Now while I am not always leering after guys, I
have been known to pick up a few and have a good time.

  We kept talking, he was telling me about himself, how this was his first
bar and that things were not going very well.  Conversation continued and we
got on to the subject of families and I told him that I was single and that I
lived by myself.  He was married with a daughter.  As we were talking I
noticed that my cock was getting firmer.  The more I looked at this guy the
more I understood why, and the harder my cock got.  He was after all an
attractive guy.

  He was always moving around as we were talking and I would sneek a look at
his butt when he was moving away from me and he balls when he walked back.  He
wore a short sleeve shirt and a pair of tight, but not indecently tight
slacks.  As he was married with a child I did not fancy my chances so I just
sat there and enjoyed the view.

  After the third or fourth beer he said to me, "look, there will be no one
else coming in tonight so why don't you come out the back.  I have a cubby out
there that has some comfy chairs and we can sit down and watch so TV
comfortably".  I jumped at the chance and said yes.  I picked up my beer and
the bloke closed the front door, turned off the lights and we went out the
back.

  The room was fairly big with a desk in one corner piled high with papers,
and in the middle of the room there was a couch with a fridge and TV against
the wall.  This was an oppurtunity not to be missed I thought, so I sat down
in the middle of the couch and lay back with my beer in my hand.  The bloke
went over to the bar, pulled out a bar, turned on the TV and sat down beside
me on the couch.

  My plan had worked, we were almost touching thigh-to-thigh.  When either of
us moved we touched but it all looked so innocent that I didn't think he would
notice.  As we were sitting there I would look over and there would be his
croutch and I could feel myself getting harder and harder.

  "Gees its hot" he said, and started to took off his shirt.  His chest was
even better than I had imagined.  He was hairless but obviously worked out at
the gym because his stomach was firm and was also tanned.  I figured that I
might as well do the same thing so I took my shirt off as well.

  At that he got up, and walked out the door saying, "Be back in a tick, just
got to go and have a piss".  While he was gone I fantasised what it would be
like to hold his cock while he pissed.  To feel the sensation of piss running
through his ever hardening cock, while at the same time running my finger up
and down the crack of his arse.

  After a few minutes he returned wearing only his underpants and said: "Some
barstard just pissed on the floor in the loo and I slipped.  Bloody pants are
wet.  Hope you don't mind" and sat down.  I looked at his croutch and I was
surpried to find that his member has hard and that there were a few wet
patched at the end of his cock.  Not bad I thought, this guy was even better
than I thought, but it was to no avail because he looked to be very straight
to me.

  We had a few more beers and kept talking.  At about 11pm I decided that I
had better go home and have a good pull when I got there.  "Better get going"
I said and started to stand up.  He grabbed my arm and said, "don't go,
wouldn't you like to see the rest?" I looked at him, slightly startled, not
quite sure if he meant what I hoped he meant.  "Do you mean what I think you
mean?" "Yes, do you want to have a suck?" At that he pulled down his
underpants to expose his rock hard cock standing straight up and right before
my eyes it grew to a whopping 9.5 inches.  At that I got down on my knees and
started to swallow his huge cock.

  As I was doing that he started to undress me.  First my shoies and socks,
then my pants, than my underpants and finally my shirt.  We lay on the floor
and I continued to suck.  He started to maon as I grabbed his arse and started
to pump his cock in and out of my throat.  I continued to pump and pump and he
continued to moan and moan, louder and louder, until he exploded and I felt
this torrent of juice burst down my throat.  He collapsed on the floor
breathing heavily.  Meanwhile I started to play with myself.  I was just about
to cum as well when he grabbed my hand and stopped me.  "Hold it", he said,
"How about up the other end?" I nodded, "First time for me but why not".  At
that he disappeared for a few seconds.  When he returned he was carrying a the
bottle of liquid soap which he proceeded to put on his fingers.

  He then started to rub the soap around my arsehole, teasing it, but not
entering.  After a while of doing this he suddenly star jammed it in a little
way, I jumped.  "Bit sudden was it, sorry" and proceeded to twist, push and
pull his finger in my arse.  My cock, which had sagged after I had stopped
pulling, went hard again and as he was fingering me I was pulling myself.  As
I was jerking myself off I was startled by the sudden, and not so gentle
intrusion of his cock up my arse.  I screamed with pain and tried to get him
out of me but to no avail.  He had his arms tightly around me.  I could not
move.  After a while, the pain subsided and I felt this huge cock moving in
and out.  Slowly at first, he started to fuck me, but as his cock started to
grow even bigger, or so it felt, I started to moan and he started to pump
faster.  Faster and faster he pumped, and I screamed, both in pain because of
the size of his cock in my virgin arse, and from pleasure because of the size
of his cock in my virgin arse.  I could feel myself coming and so could he.
There was this sudden jet of steaming hot jism in my arse as he came inside
me.  Once he came I too came, squirting white juice all over the carpet on the
floor.

  At that he got up and started to dress.  "You had better go mate, the Bar
is closed and if I you are caught here after closing time I will lose my
licence".  At that he passed me my clothes, I got up, dressed and left.

  I still occasionally go to that bar on a Tuesday night, and there is still
no one there except for the barman.  I do not know, to this day, his name but
I do know what he looks like...
