Copyright © 1997,     Ashley      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.












SEE YOU-- SEE ME DAD     Part Two (June, 1996)

Thanks to all of you who've written about what I wrote earlier.  Your
encouragement is wonderful!  And two of you (you know who you are) got me
going so much I popped my cookies!

With all your encouragement, I decided to go ahead and write more right
away.  I sent this out as a draft to the people who wrote me after the first one, almost all guys, and everyone seemed to think it was OK.  Just thinking about all those orgasms you guys had while reading about me . . . !!!!!
- - - - - - - 
You already read about how we got started, Daddy and me, after I made him
let me watch him fuck Mrs. Trefethen.  I watched from the closet in his room
and after she caught me, after I had come, my Daddy and I did it.  Tommy's my boyfriend, and I'm Ashley.  I'm 16.

**

Well, you won't be surprised to know that the next two weeks were really
strange and really great.  Daddy and I screwed all the time.  But I'm pretty
sure you don't want to read about plain old fucking.  I know I read what
some of you guys write and, excuse me, it's like all the same.  Cock goes
here, mouth goes there, sometimes they fit together, roll over for variety.
So while I don't think my Dad and I are really so unusual, what we do,
sometimes,  is different from what everyone else is writing about.

After two weeks of acting like newlyweds are supposed to act, my Dad asked
me if he could watch me like I watched him.  He wanted to watch me do it
with Tommy.  My Dad is very cool and almost as weird as me.

The only hard thing was getting Tommy to use my Dad's room, where we'd
already fixed the slats in the closet door so someone (me) inside could see
into the bedroom where the bed was.  Tommy made me put down a towel over
Dad's sheets so there wouldn't be any signs we'd been there.  I used a beach
towel, Daddy's Buccaneers towel, so we had a lot of room to play on.

Picture this: my Dad is in the closet, with a piece slid out of one of the
slats so he can see into the room.  I'm spreading the towel over his bed, me
in my underwear and Tommy naked, his clothes are in my room, and I'm
wondering how much to do with Daddy watching.  My instinct is to get really
strange, but part of me wants to hide.  I put Alanis on the CD  player,
since that's what got Tommy in here in the first place, the chance to fool
around with a decent stereo going.

We started with Tommy on his back.  I felt a lot better doing stuff to him
than having him doing things to me, at least at first, so I started by
playing with his cock.  Tommy has a really great cock!

I've only seen maybe ten pricks in real life in my whole life, not counting
the time I ran through the men's bathroom at the park and kind of half-saw
all these guys peeing into a stainless steel trough, and I've only gotten
really up close with five of those ten pricks, so I don't know what's usual,
not really.  Tommy's is really long.  He says it's eight inches and it
probably is.  It's for sure longer than my Dad's, and almost as thick.
What's really different, though, is how it curves up.

When my Dad lies on his back, his cock is like horizontal, pointing right at
his face.  He's masturbated in front of me a couple time, just masturbated while I
played with myself, and each time it manages to spurt up to his chest.  

Something I don't really understand, when he does it he aims it like it is
normally, maybe angled a little in the air, but when I jerk him off he likes
me to hold it totally vertical.  If there's any logic here, I don't know
what it is.  Tommy's cock curves so that the end of it touches his belly
button.  I asked him once if he ever fucked his belly button and he said he
did.  That night, with Tommy on the bed and my Dad in the closet, I asked
him to show me how he fucked his belly button.

First I masturbated Tommy for a while.  I love to wrap my hand around his
dick (or any of those five dicks) and stroke it, holding it loosely
like he likes but with my whole hand in contact with it and sliding up and
down, using my hand like he was fucking my pussy.  I know I can make him
come this way, but I almost never do that anymore, not just a regular hand job.

Instead, I lick him all over.

I never stop using my hand on him, but I lick his cock, the whole length of
it, especially that little thing of extra skin near the tip on the underside
and sometimes his pee hole.  (My Dad hates having his pee hole tongued and
Tommy loves it - go figure).  And then I'll take his balls into my mouth.

I love balls.  Does that make sense to you?  They're so soft, and you have
to be so careful you just know they're incredibly important.  Powerfully
soft.  I put them in my mouth and suck really gently, and I use my tongue
behind them, almost like I'd lick his asshole (which I never would).  More
than once I've gotten Tommy off by licking below and jerking him off with my
hand and usually when we do it this way there's cum everywhere.  It's very cool.

So I'm doing all this stuff to Tommy and every once in a while I look over
at the closet.  I know where Dad's eye has to be, having been in there
myself, and I can picture where his cock probably is (in his hand!) and what
it looks like (duh!!).  There was never any doubt in my mind he would
masturbate while he watched me.  I just smiled in his direction, when I
could, when I was sure Tommy couldn't see.

Tommy showed me how he fucked his belly button.  It was hilarious to watch,
but I knew I shouldn't laugh.  He started really slowly, just edging the
smooth head of his prick against his belly button, the friction or something
he was thinking about making him harder.  Sliding his hips back and forth,
he started moving faster, until he was like fucking the air.  He reached
down to masturbate and I told him not to, so he started bouncing!

He was bouncing his ass off the bed, his cock banging against his tummy, and
it must have felt good because some clear slippery pre-cum leaked out of his
dick and on to his stomach.  He was really going at it, so I thought he
might actually come.  I felt embarrassed for him, doing that in front of my
Dad, but what the fuck - maybe all guys bounce around like that.  I know
I've masturbated in some odd ways myself.

So I bent over and took Tommy's cock into my mouth.  Sucking and slurping
and licking and all that.  All this time I'm working on Tommy, he's trying
to slide me around so he can eat me.  He loves my pussy and it loves him
right back.  I had been resisting, trying to keep him the center of attention, but he
finally used his strength and I felt his tongue go into my hole.  My pussy hole.

Trust me, this is very good.  And Tommy doesn't know his way around down
there as well as Daddy, so in a way it's even better.  Tommy spends at least
half his time trying to find my clitty, like it wasn't right there all fat
and happy, and so he ends up teasing me a lot, touching it and then not
touching, like that.  It's really quite enjoyable, not as frustrating as it
probably sounds, especially since I know he'll always make me come at least
once.

So I'm sucking now on Tommy's cock and he's licking around my clitty, when
all of a sudden there's this BANG! from the closet.  Nice going, Daddy.
Tommy starts to get up, but I suck harder, and I touch it with my teeth, and
he falls right back to the bed.

"What was that?" he asked me.

I sucked a little harder and put my finger in his asshole - the first time
I've ever done that.  We needed a distraction.  For a second, I wasn't horny at all.

"Didn't you hear . . .?"

I ignored him and pushed my finger in deeper, wiggling it.  I figured if gay
guys do it, and if men fuck women here (hadn't happened to me so far, and I
didn't think I wanted to), there must be something good here.

"Ashley . . .?" Tommy said, his voice rising in something like a question mark.

I spun around and put my pussy right over his cock.

"What is it, Tommy?  Is this what you want?  You want my pussy, don't you"

I took his prick and rubbed it back and forth over my hole, along the lips
that guarded it.  Squeezing just a little, I pumped him a few times and put
the head of his prick inside me.

"That's so good," he said.

I gave the closet an evil look intended to mean, "OK, we got away with it
once, now be more careful."

Then I smiled.  Close call, but we'd survived, and I wanted Daddy to enjoy
himself.  I slid down onto Tommy's dick.

There's nothing even vaguely like this feeling.  It can't be what it feels
like for you, on the cock end, pushing your hard dick into my pussy.  I'm
pretty sure it's much better for me, but maybe not.   It's a little like
putting a popsicle in your mouth, if it didn't have any flavor except for a
slick kind of texture, the taste of smoothness, sliding in so it fills your
senses, so you know you're full of something, something hard but not too
hard.  But that's only the cock itself.

When Tommy's inside me, I feel like we're really close.  Like we are sharing
his cock, it's ours not just his, and that he wants me to have it for a
little while, this most important part of himself.  It's a gift that keeps
on giving.  I'm trying to be serious and not serious here all at once, you know?

And the best part is when he pushes it so deep, that even though it feels a
little strange with him banging against my cervix, that bone above his cock
rubs against my clitty and it's soooooooo nice.  That's what makes me come,
you know, as lovely as his prick is, it's that rubbing.  Oh, my.  I'm wet
thinking about it.

So I'm on top of Tommy, fucking him with my pussy, sliding up and down, and
trying to reach his balls with my fingers, which I can't quite do.  I leaned
over and swung my tits into his chest.  My nipples just brushed him and the
sensation was delicious!

I should tell you my breasts aren't what you dream of, not if you're a guy
who jerks off on Playboy centerfolds.  I'm 34A, in case you need to know for
a Christmas present. : ) Just kidding.  About the present, I mean.  I am
really only 34A.

So I say "swung my tits," where maybe I should say " pressed my breasts," or
something.  My nipples are decent sized, though not too big, and I brushed
them lightly across him.  I fucked him with my pussy.  Tommy had his eyes
closed, so I looked at the closet.  

It seemed to me the doors were moving, but there wasn't any noise.  Tommy
couldn't see, so I didn't worry about it.  I pictured Daddy masturbating on 
the other side, just like I'd seen him on the Cu-seeme, and it really got me going.

I always suspected I'd like to be watched being fucked, but I had no idea
how cool it would be.  And watched by Daddy!  It was so unacceptable, so
rude, Tommy's cock pumping into me, such a personal thing, almost as
personal as flossing my teeth, and Daddy was watching.

I bounced up and down on Tommy, losing his prick once or twice, but sticking
it right back in.  If he didn't hate falling out so much, I'd do this more,
the feeling of him entering my pussy is so special!  It takes a lot of
bouncing, too, to have a cock that big fall out of your pussy.

"Do you like my pussy, Tommy?  Does your cock like me tonight?"

He moaned with pleasure, like he does, but he never says anything.  When I
talk like that, though, he fucks me harder.

"Your big hard prick, I love how it fucks me, fills me up, and wants to come
inside me.  You want that, don't you, honey, to come inside me.  I want it
so bad, baby, do it for me, I'm ready for you, fuck me. . ."

I went on like this for a while and then I heard this choking sound from the
closet, something like a squeak, a quick noise that repeated itself twice,
and Tommy opened his eyes and started to turn his head.

My lips were over his in an instant, and my hand grabbed the base of his
cock.  I Frenched him as hard as I could and pumped his prick into my pussy.
Jerking Tommy off while he's in my pussy, there's a first!  But I got him
distracted, so distracted that he pushed his hips into me, pushed his cock
as deep as it would go, and he came.

While Tommy spurted inside me, his face all scrunched in some kind of
half-angel, half-devil kind of face, I looked at the closet.  There was cum
dripping from the slats.

Daddy's a lot less neat than me.  I could never make a mess like that, even
if I could.  There's this cum dripping down the closet door, not tons of it
or anything, but it's obvious what it is and there's more than I would have
expected from my dear old Dad.  And Tommy's just finishing inside my pussy,
one last spurt, then one last jerk, then one last bounce, then . . . it must
take Tommy thirty or forty seconds to finally finish.

What would you do?  Your boyfriend has just finished exploding inside your
pussy and your father has just come all over the closet door.  Think fast.

"Tommy, I want to come and I can't.  I think it's because we're in my
father's room.  Will you eat me in my room?  Do you mind?  I'm so sorry."
Pretty good, huh?  I hope you don't think less of me.

"Don't be," he says, his hand sliding down to my clitty, touching his own
prick that's still half hard.  "I understand."

"You're so good to me," I say, getting up, easing away from that wonderful
cock, feeling that awful instant of detachment when he leaves my pussy and 
takes back his cock..  I pulled him toward my room.

Tommy's cock slaps his thigh as he walks, thin strings of cum forming spider
webs that break apart and form again.  I touch his balls to keep his attention.

Back in my room, away from the closet where I hope Daddy is cleaning up,
Tommy puts his tongue inside me and his thumb on my clitty and he makes me
come three times.  It takes so long to get to the third time that when I
finish, Tommy's hard again.

I fucked him until he came.












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....