Archive-name: Bondage/aejq.txt
Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth (C)
Archive-title: Segment - AEJ Q


    Angelica was still there, waiting anxiously.  She held and had 
been examining the gag that Stacy had worn, but when Jim emerged 
from the office, she quickly put it down, away from her.  The lady 
guard sat at the desk, seeming to be busy with paperwork.  "Am I 
still to help with this?" Angelica asked, as if fearing that she had 
been eliminated from the plan. 
    "Of course, we will have you sign all the papers in a moment, 
and then we will swear you in as a deputy." 
    "Do I get to wear a badge, like in the Westerns?" asked Angelica 
with a flirtatious smile. 
    Jim returned her smile.  "No, no badge, but since you are 
helping with a law enforcement matter, it is required that you be a 
deputy of a U.S. Marshal." 
    "Do I get to carry a gun?" she asked. 
    "No, no gun," replied Jim.  "Come, on, let's get this paperwork 
out of the way so we can get to work.  You said that you had six 
days free?" 
    "That's right," said Angelica, standing up, and making sure that 
her white blouse was properly tucked in, she reached around her back 
to neaten up. 
    "Then we will limit your deputation to that time.  Also, there 
are several other papers to sign, putting you under my jurisdiction, 
and that will be it."  Jim opened the door to the Colonel's office, 
and ushered her in. 
    The Colonel met them both at the door, and shook Angelica's hand 
after she offered it.  "I am Angelica Perez," she said.  She stood 
proudly with her breasts out, awaiting instructions. 
    Realizing that he was expected to lead the proceedings, the 
Colonel took her arm and ushered her to one of the two chairs in 
front of his desk.  Jim and Angelica sat down. 
    "Angelica, I have been asked by Jim, in his capacity as a 
Federal Marshal, to witness your deputation.  Also, I have several 
papers here that Jim has requested me to have available in order for 
him to fulfill his mission to find the slavers that are operating in 
Mexico, and to locate and secure the release of Mrs. Renee 
Wentworth. 
    "I have reviewed his plan, and I think that it is a good one, 
one that may work.  Your role is both critical and heroic.  Are you 
willing to work on this case, as Jim has requested?" 
    "I am proud to serve in this capacity," said Angelica 
confidently.  "I have personal reasons for seeing these horrible 
crimes stopped."  Her voice quivered.  The Colonel looked at Jim and 
nodded.  It seemed that Jim had stumbled into a particularly helpful 
and motivated volunteer. 
    "Good, Miss Perez.  Please stand up," said the Colonel. 
    She did so, and Jim also rose.  "Do you solemnly swear to be 
deputy of the United States Marshal Jim Fredericks, and uphold the 
laws of the United States of America?" 
    "I do," said Angelica. 
    "I hereby appoint you a deputy of a U.S. Marshal," said the 
Colonel, and he signed a paper, and put a notary seal to it.  "Sign 
here, please."  He handed the paper to Angelica, who signed it. 
    "Also," said the Colonel, "we need the following documents 
signed.  These will facilitate your cover here in Mexico, and help 
us to draw out our targets."  He handed her the Confession of 
Judgement, and the Consignment for Detention documents, and said, 
"Sign here, on the bottom of these last pages."  Each document was 
several pages long, and Angelica did not bother to examine them, or 
to even see what they were titled.  Without hesitation or doubt, she 
signed both of the two documents.  She did not realize that she had 
confessed to the crime of smuggling cocaine, and that she had been 
consigned for detention to Jim until such time as he turned her over 
to the Mexico Prison for Women. 


    "Good," said Jim.  "Angelica, you will be posing also as 
prisoner, but instead of being a witness, you have confessed to 
involvement in the slavery ring after you were arrested on a drug 
charge.  Your confession about information regarding the slavery 
ring was given to us in return for a lighter sentence.  This 
information will be given to the press by tomorrow morning.  We 
will, of course, use an assumed name for you in the press release, 
but your photo will be distributed to the papers.  It is our hope 
that this will lead the slavers to make an attempt to break you out 
of prison, or assassinate you, in an attempt to find out what 
information you have imparted. 
    "Obviously this will be the dangerous part.  But tonight you 
will spend the night in the hotel room with Stacy and I.  In the 
early afternoon, there will be a hearing that you will attend, and 
it will be widely publicized." 
    "Very well," said Angelica.  "Since I am to be a prisoner, will 
I go handcuffed, like Stacy?" 
    "Yes, you will," answered Jim. 
    "If there is nothing else," said the Colonel, "I have quite a 
bit of business to take care of.  Jim, we will be expecting to hear 
from you.  I know that another agency is involved here, but 
nevertheless, if you need us to help, please call." 
    "I may need to make use of your holding cells again tomorrow 
afternoon, depending on how things go," said Jim. 
    "Fine, just call ahead first, so we can make sure that we are 
ready for you," offered the Colonel. 
    All three rose, and there was an awkward silence.  Angelica 
moved for the door, then looked at Jim, as if she expected him to 
put the handcuffs on her right away.  Angelica stood underneath one 
of the lights that were on the Colonel's office ceiling.  Despite 
hours of work in the air, her blouse was still white, crisp and 
fresh.  Her skirt hugged her hips intimately, and flared just above 
the knees to where the skirt came to mid-calf length.  Angelica's 
curled tresses fell about her shoulders.  Her high heels with the 
straps made her posture somewhat strained, but she was used to it, 
and it added an overall sexiness to her appearance.  Both her hands 
were clasped in front of her, nervously. 
    Jim spoke.  "Colonel, will you please ask the guard to bring in 
my things from the outside office?" 
    The Colonel picked up the phone and spoke briefly to the guard. 
    "I notice that you are wearing two rings.  They would be safest 
here in the Colonel's safe along with your confession and 
consignment documents." 
    Angelica removed them, and handed them to Jim as if they were 
her last remaining possessions, and her last vestige of freedom.  
She then pulled a small key out of her belt. 
    Jim took it.  "I had forgotten about this.  Good, Colonel, this 
is the key to a locker in the airport that contains Miss Perez's 
purse, passport, and other belongings."  Jim handed it to the 
Colonel.  He put it along with the rings in a plastic bag, and then 
wrote the contents down on a slip of paper, and asked Angelica to 
sign. 
    "Why does it say 'prisoner's signature' where I am supposed to 
sign?" asked Angelica, taking in a sharp breath. 
    As if in answer, Jim took out a pair of bright nickel handcuffs 
and handed them to her.  She took them, not knowing at all what to 
do.  The metal hefted solidly in her hands, and she examined the 
unforgiving workmanship that went into their making. 
    "Put them on, behind your back," said Jim, with a smile. 
    "Handcuff myself!" exclaimed Angelica, laughing.  "Don't I need 
the key?" 
    "I thought that you said that you had been tied before?" 
inquired Jim. 
    "I said that I had been tied up, but that was with rope.  I have 
never been handcuffed!" 
    "Well, to answer your question, you don't need the key.  See, 
they just open up, even though they look locked.  Then, they just 
ratchet shut on your wrist."  Jim stepped forward to demonstrate.  
He took the 'cuffs from her and opened one of them, then gave them 
back to her for her to open the second one.  The Colonel watched the 
instruction period smiling.  When Angelica had opened the second 
'cuff, she experimentally closed it about her left wrist, but too 
loosely, then moved them around her back, and was searching for the 
best way to close it onto her right wrist when the door opened.  It 
was the female guard, and she carried the leather octopus binding, 
and the leather prod gag. 

--
