                              Fugue

Angela was somewhat relieved.  Missy and Ellie had finally gotten
tired after fucking her relentlessly for hours and unlocked Angela
from the wall, unwired her breasts and placed her in a much more
comfortable bondage for the night.  This consisted of a large box,
with a hole for her neck and another for her waist, into which she
was locked.  Inside the box was soft padding, which contoured to
Angela's body as Missy and Ellie closed it up.  Although it held
her just as tightly as did the other devices, Angela found this a
relief after the tape and handcuffs.  After locking it shut, Missy
unlocked the handcuffs from Angela's ankles, and led her into a
small room with just a cot and a mirror.  Missy sat Angela down on
the bed and began to remove the tape binding her shoes on her.  She
looked up into Angela's eyes and said "You're a very sexy slave."
"Thank you mistress" Angela replied.  Missy peeled off the last of
the tape, and unstrapped the high-heels from her feet.  Angela
sighed with relief.  Missy smiled and massaged Angela's feet.
"Don't worry baby, you'll get used to them."  Missy began to
massage higher on Angela's legs, first her calves, kneading the
soreness from her slender muscles, then sliding her hands up onto
her knees, then her thighs, rubbing gently over the welts left from
Angela's whipping.  Every time Missy's hands slid over them, Angela
moaned with pain, as they still burned when touched.  But the
burning went deeper, into a kind of pleasure she hadn't experienced
before.  Angela's face was a mixture of pain and excitement.  Missy
saw this, smiled, and continued to rub the welts gently.  Angela
slowly spread her legs, finding that despite her exhaustion from
the day's torments, she was horny again.  Missy's hands slid up
higher and higher on Angela's thighs, above the tops of her
stockings to the soft bare skin, then almost to her wet panties...
Missy laughed, stood up, and walked out.  "Good night."  She said.
     Angela moaned in frustration.  She heard the door lock, and
struggled in the box.  She couldn't reach her breasts, and couldn't
reach outside to her pussy.  She tried to find a way to hump the
cot, but the box made it too awkward.  Finally, she drifted off to
sleep, thinking haphazard thoughts of tight handcuffs and large
vibrators...

     Rested and refreshed, Missy prepared Angela for a new day.
She removed the box from her body and Missy instructed her to put
on the clothes she had laid out for her; consisting of some red
stockings and a garter belt, a red g-string, and a pair of black
boots with 6" heels, with a laced-up miniskirt topping of the
outfit.  When she was finished dressing, Missy held up an
armbinder. "Put your arms behind you," she said.  Angela obeyed and
Missy slipped the binder over them.  She then buckled the straps
across her chest to hold it up, and began to lace up the binder.
"Mmmm, I'm going to lace your arms up until your elbows touch
baby."  Angela moaned as she felt her arms pulled together tighter
and tighter.  She tested the strength of the armbinder by pulling
against it when Missy was finishing tying off the laces.  She could
barely move her arms.  The tightness of the binder forced her to
arch her back and stick out her tits, apparently just what Missy
wanted.  She walked around to face Angela.  "Today you're going to
play a game with another girl.  She has been very bad lately, and
needs some reinforcement of her training.  I'm going to chain those
pretty ankles again, and bring you to a special room I've had built
just for these games.  It is filled with mirrors, which serve
several purposes.  The first is so that slave girls can observe
activities from every angle, a useful option when a girl is locked
in stocks, or hanging spreadeagle by her ankles, or in some other
difficult position.  The second purpose is to video record these
sessions.  Some of the many mirrors each conceal a camera to record
the session.  I think I'll film your session today."  And with
that, Missy snapped a pair of handcuffs shut on Angela's ankles
again, tied strings to her nipples, and used them to lead her into
the mirrored room.
     Angela walked carefully, a bit more experienced now in the art
of hobbling in high heels with a short chain restraining her
ankles.  Missy still forced her to hurry a bit, walking just fast
enough that the string on her nipples was pulled taut.  She led
Angela into the mirrored room, which was about 20'x20', and had
only a low double bed set up in one corner.  Attached to the floor,
walls and ceiling at many points were rings, and a few pulleys were
hanging from the ceiling.  Missy sat Angela down on the bed, walked
out, and returned a moment later with an elaborate gag.  Angela,
having learned her lesson about obeying Missy, submissively opened
her mouth to recieve the bit.  Her eyes widened when she saw how
large it was, but she didn't resist.  The hard rubber bit was
placed in her mouth, and it was covered by a large square of
leather, which was in turn secured with straps wrapped under her
chin, around her neck, and over the top of her head.  Missy
padlocked the gag shut, and then sat back on the bed and smiled.
She untied the strings from Angela's nipples, and massaged them for
a moment.  They immediately got hard.  "We're almost ready, Angie.
What we need now is to see these breasts tightly bound.  Aha! I
know just the thing."  Angela shook her head and whimpered again,
couldn't Missy see that she still had marks from the wire used on
them just yesterday?  Missy produced a roll of masking tape, and
proceeded to wrap Angela's breasts around the base several times
each, so they jutted up a bit.  When she was finished, she sat back
and gazed at Angela's breasts, appraising them.  Missy nodded,
stood up and smoothed her dress, and began to walk out.  Angela
sighed with relief.  Just as she was about to walk out the door
though, Missy stopped and turned around.  "Oh, I almost forgot the
most important thing!  Come here Angela!" She demanded.  Angela
struggled up to a standing position from the bed, and hobbled over
to where Missy stood.  Missy was holding four small, thick rubber
bands on one finger.  "Do you know what these are for?" Missy
asked.  Angela nodded and stuck out her breasts, dreading and yet
eager to see the way her breasts looked with the rubber bands on
them.  Missy held one rubber band open with both hands, and slid it
over Angela's breast, then allowed it to squeeze.  The first one
wasn't too bad, but two together squeezed her tit very tightly.
Missy placed two rubber bands on Angela's other breast as well.
She then smiled and pinched the poor girl's nipples gently, "That's
perfect.  By the way, Ellie suggested I do this to you."  And with
that, she walked out.
     Unsure of what to do, Angela hobbled across the room and sat
down on the bed again.  Her nipples were already throbbing, and her
breasts felt like balloons.  Again she was stifled in her efforts
to touch herself, as the arm binder encased her hands completely.
She tried though.  She slid back on the bed into the corner, where
she could lean against the wall, and pulled up her legs.  She
looked down at her legs, excited by how sexy they looked in the
handcuffs.  She found that she could fold her legs up underneath
her ass, so the heels from her boots felt like a thin dildo.  She
was just getting the hang of it, and getting very excited, when the
door to the room opened again, and in hobbled another woman.  She
was wearing the same shoes that had been taped on Angela all day
yesterday, and they were taped on her feet her ankles were locked
in slender handcuffs, and she was only wearing black stockings and
panties.  She had a very voluptuous body, with wide hips tapering
to a slender waist and then up to large, full breasts.  And her
entire upper body, from her shoulders to her hips, was encased in
red tape, except for her breasts, which were wrapped at the base so
they jutted out and were a bit blue.  There was a mask covering
part of her head, blindfolding her, but there was no mistaking the
long, blonde hair cascading down her back.  It was Ellie.

