"THE BIRTHDAY GIRL" by J.D. Dyson
---------------------------------
(C) 1994, by J.D. Dyson
Filename: bday-girl.doc
Submitted to rec.arts.erotica moderator and related archives
Summary: Fiction; guiding woman from virginity to sexual womanhood.

     
     "I'm going to the mall with Mary.  We're going to get some
lunch, too.  See you in a few hours."

     "Okay, have fun.  I'm gonna go get cleaned up."

     I'd just finished the yardwork and saw my wife to the car.
"Don't forget Pam's birthday present."

     "I won't."  A quick kiss.  "'Bye!"

     I waved as she pulled out of the driveway.  I put the mower away
and went to the house.  Once in, I knocked on Pam's door.

     "Hiya.  Can I use your shower?"  I hated using the bathtub that
my wife and I had on our side of the house.  Showers were, in my
view, much more efficient and less time-consuming.

     "Yeah, go ahead."  Pam smiled sweetly.  Her red hair perfectly
framed her beautiful face.  She glanced at my sweat-soaked shirt.
"You look like you could use it."

     I ran my hand through my hair.  "Yeah, I'm a mess, ain't I?
I'll be back soon."

     "God, what I wouldn't give," I thought as I walked to the
bedroom to change into my bathrobe.  Pam had just turned 24 and she
was getting prettier by the year.  She'd been our roommate for the
past 5 years, and in that time, both my wife and I got to know her
very well.  Though we pretty much lead our separate lives in each of
our halves of the house, we'd nonetheless come to be very close.
Pam's company was rare, but always a treat.  Indeed, Pam lived a
solitary life for the most part; it was the primary reason that she
-- unbelievably -- was still a virgin.

     In little time, I was at Pam's door.  I knocked, and the door
lazily swung open.  I peered in and called her name.  No answer.
Figuring she'd gone to the laundry room, I walked in and headed for
her bathroom.

     As I walked past her bedroom, I saw movement out of the corner
of my eye.  With a sidelong glance, I suddenly saw Pamela.  She was
completely nude except for a half-cup bra that she was in the process
of taking off.  I was instantly embarrassed and kept walking, acting
as if I hadn't seen her.

     But the image was burned into my mind; her ripe, rosebud-tipped
breasts, her bright-red pubic hair and her full hips were solidly
etched on my mind's eye.  Oh well, I figured, seeing her nude was
just a stolen sweet.  I mushed on and started my shower.

     As I finished washing up and rinsing down, I heard the bathroom
door open.  I figured it was my wife home early from the mall.  But
when I peeked out from the shower, I was amazed by what I saw.

     Pam stood in the bathroom doorway, wearing her blue silk robe.
Her red hair was pulled back in a ponytail, little wisps of it
trailing from her temples.  The way her robe hung on her body more
than showed that he was buck naked underneath.  The robe's opening
made a long V to her waist where the robe's belt was loosely tied.
Her breasts were only partially covered; but the plainly-erect
nipples distinctly showed through the sheer material.

     I had a hunch that she wasn't just waiting for her turn in the
shower.

     "How's your shower?" she asked with a slight smile on her face.

     "Um, just finishing up," I fumbled, hoping that the shower
curtain covered my now-growing erection.

     "You're not done yet?" she said as a devious look flashed across
her face.  "Good."

     "Beg pardon?"

     She slowly sauntered toward me.  "I have a birthday wish," she
whispered seductively as she leaned her head forward and lightly
brushed a hand over her breasts.  "You know I'm a virgin, Jim."

     "Uh-huh," I mumbled, not believing my ears.

     "I want you to take care of it for me."  She paused and cast her
eyes away from mine.  "I've heard you and Sharon make love in the
living room," she bit her lip nervously, "and I want you to show me
how it feels."

     "Uh, Pam," I stammered, "Look, I like you.  Don't you think this
might cause problems?  I mean, don't you think--"

     Pamela hushed me with a finger to my lips..  "Shhh," she
interrupted, "I don't want an affair, just an initiation.  This will
just be your birthday present for me."

     "Look--"

     "Please?  Just this once?"

     I was between a rock and a hard place.  I loved my wife, but I
absolutely lusted after Pamela.  Sometimes, when my wife and I made
love, I fantasized that I was actually screwing Pam.  Hell, once when
I was alone in her bathroom, I ventured to stroke my cock on a pair
of panties she'd carelessly left on the bathroom counter.  And then
there was the time I was masturbating in her bathroom and she
accidentally walked in on me.

     "Or was it accidentally?" I wondered as she now stood
practically nude before me.

     I swallowed hard.  "Okay, what do you want to do?"

     She glanced down.  "First, I want to see your cock.  And I want
to touch it."

     I pulled back the curtains.  My cock stood rigidly upright
before her.  Her eyes widened.  "Just like I remember," she said.
"Did you know I wanted to stay and watch you jack off?"

     "No, I didn't," I said, "but I wish you had."

     She blushed.  "Let me dry you off," she said as she grabbed a
towel.

     Her hands moved over me in a slow, sensuous pace.  She was doing
more than just drying me, she was exploring all of my body.  The
chest first, then my back.  She moved down and dried my legs, and
then she moved between my legs and up to my ass.  All the while, my
eyes feasted on her exposed skin and her lovely face.  She slowly
carressed the cheeks and then moved toward my now-throbbing erection.
She carefully dried it with the softest of strokes.

     "C'mon," I said as I took her by the hand, "let's go get
comfortable."

     We went into her bedroom, a place I'd often fantasized making
love to her in, and I pulled her close to me.  "You don't know how
much I've wanted this," I said.  "Not half as much as me," she
replied as she released her robe from her body and let it slide to
the floor.

     I took in the whole of her body.  No longer just stealing a
glance, I slowly looked at all of her.  Her face, lightly freckled,
was red with her anxiety.  Her freckles were dotted across her neck
and gradually disappeared into a small V that pointed toward the
valley of her breasts.

     Though her breasts were large for her lithe frame, they were
pleasantly firm and -- in every sense -- perfect.  And her legs were
more shapely than I ever recalled.  There wasn't an inch of her that
didn't turn me on.

     "What are you most curious about?" I asked as my desire to have
her grew stronger.  "Since this is your first time, there must be
some things you want to know about before we do this.  You take the
lead, dear one."

     Pam, not being completely shy, nodded.  "I have a lot of
questions, Jim.  I hope you won't think they're stupid."

     "No such thing as a stupid question," I reassured her.  "Where
do you want to start?"

     She answered by briefly brushing her tummy against my cock.

     I sat on the edge of her bed and motioned her to kneel before
me.  I then took her hands and brought them to my cock.  "Go ahead,"
I said, "feel as much as you like."

     Cautiously, she ran her fingers lightly along the shaft.  Each
light brush of her fingertips sent shivers of delight through my
body.  Slowly, her hand moved down and she began to stroke the hair
on my balls.  "That feels good," I said.  "And it feels even better
when my cock is stroked at the same time."

     Pam's free hand moved to my cock and her fingers wrapped around
the shaft.  "Oh, God, it feels so hot," she said as she stroked the
shaft and moved herself closer.

     "Put it between your tits," I whispered.

     She brought her chest close to my cock and pressed her
voluptuous breasts around the shaft.  "You always did like my
breasts," she smiled.  "Don't think I haven't ever noticed the way
you look at them."

     I smiled back.  "Yeah, I've had lots of daydreams of how I'd
tit-fuck you."

     "You mean like this?" she moved up and down, stroking my cock
with her breasts.  I groaned my agreement.  Tit-fucking was one of my
most favorite sexual activities.  The feeling of breasts pressed
against a bulging erection is incomparable.  Of course, the pinnacle
was coming all over the tits and face when the moment was right.

     "If you keep that up," I said, "I'm going to come all over your
tits.  Is that what you want?"

     "Maybe some other time," she said as she released her breasts from my
cock.  As her breasts were released, a bead of pre-cum seeped from
the tip of my cock.

     "Did you come?" she asked, eyes fixed on the clear fluid.

     "No," I chuckled.  "That's pre-come."

     "Pre-come?"

     "Yeah.  It makes coming easier, so the guy can shoot farther and
deeper during sex."

     She gave my cock a thoughful squeeze with her hand and stroked
upward, milking more clear fluid from the tip.

     "Can I taste it?"

     I nodded my approval, and she brought her tongue slowly to the
head.  She was about to put her lips to my swollen cock when she
suddenly stopped and looked me in the eye.  "You won't come in my
mouth, will you?"

     "Only if you want."

     "If you did, would I like it?  How does it taste?"

     "Some say it's good.  Some don't," I shrugged.  "It's a matter
of preference."

     She thoughtfully eyed the throbbing head, now glistening with a
steady stream of pre-cum.  She gingerly licked it and then put the
whole head in her mouth.  She moved her hand lightly across my cock
and balls as she sucked on the head.

     "It helps if you move your head up and down," I explained, "so
the cock moves in and out like it would during sex."

     She needed no further explanation.  She was soon bobbing up and
down the length of my cock.  In no time, she was sucking me off like
a natural.  Her hand moved in a blur, furiously stroking the shaft.
I felt the impending orgasm approach with each stroke.  I tried to
speak, to warn her that I was about to come, but I could barely
stutter the words.

     I put my hands on her head and grabbed fistfuls of her red
locks.  Without thinking, I trust my cock deep into her mouth.  I
groaned loudly as my cock spurted into her warm, willing mouth.  She
stopped bobbing her head, suddenly realizing that I was ejaculating.

     I thought she was going to pull away and spit the come out, but
she surprised me.  She took all of my cock into her mouth and
swallowed.  Each ejaculation was soon quickly followed by a moaning
gulp.  As my cock began to grow soft, she backed off until she had
only the head between her lips.  Then she released it.

     "Did you like the taste?"

     "Ummm," she sighed, and rested her hand on my softening cock.

     "I can return the favor," I volunteered.

     "Oh yes!" Pamela exclaimed and immediately climbed onto me.  The
feel of her breasts brushing against me was sensational.  Her hard
nipples traced warm lines up my chest.  I eagerly took each in my
mouth as she brought them to my face.  As I sucked her breasts, she
rubbed her crotch against my leg and began moaning.

     "Bring your cunt to my face," I said.

     Pamela straddled my face.

     "Let me know whatever feels best for you," I said, and began to
lick her outer lips.

     Pamela tasted like no other woman I'd ever tongued.  Her musky
aroma was unlike anything I'd ever known.  Her juices were delicious,
almost sweet.  What I'd originally considered doing for her just as a
rite of initiation I now launched into with gusto.  My tongue
ventured into her every fold, seeking out every lucious drop of her.
She grunted and groaned with each deeper probing of my tongue.

     I drove my tongue deep into her.  More of her lovely honey
flowed as I hungrily nibbled on her inner lips.  Her joy buzzer was
now rock hard and pressing against my upper lip.  Knowing that just a
glancing kiss to it would send her over the edge, I softly slipped my
tongue across it.

     Pamela almost screamed.  Her whole body convulsed as I toyed
with her clitoris.  As my tongue darted around and across her clit,
she swayed her head from side to side and cupped her breasts.  With
each more intense touch on her clit, she began fondling and pinching
her nipples.

     When her orgasm hit, her hands tightly grasped her breasts and
her hips bucked uncontrollably.  She cried out in ecstacy and fell to
her side, shuddering.

     "I hope you liked it, baby," I said as I pulled her close.
     
     "Oh-h G-god," she said as she continued to shudder, "c-can you
d-do that again?"

     I ran a finger lovingly through her hair.  "Sure thing, baby."

     Pam lifted her head.  "It'd be great if you could get hard again."

     "I think I'm on my way to that already," I said.
     
     Her face lit up.  "Really?"

     I just smiled and guided her hand to my crotch.

     "I want to watch it grow," she said as she inched down toward my
crotch.

     Under her intent gaze, my cock slowly began to fill out.  As the
seconds passed, it began to lengthen and rise.  Pam kept her face
only inches from it, raptly watching it grow hard and tall.  "I love
the difference," she remarked as her hand gently cupped my balls.
"Can you come again?"

     "Oh yes," I smiled.

     "Good.  I want it in me," she said, and rolled onto her back and
eagerly spread her legs.  "Do me," she panted, "do me the best you
can."

     I crawled between her widely-spread legs and positioned my cock
to enter her virgin snatch.  She sighed as I slowly slid the head in.
The head slowly disappeared into her and stopped as it bumped against
her hymen.

     "Do you want me to put it in all the way?"

     She licked her lips and softly breathed, "Yes."

     I pressed the head firmly against her hymen, put my hands firmly
on her hips and, with one quick jab, thrust my cock deep into her.
She inhaled quickly as the penetration tore her virgin cunt.  As I
drove my cock in to the hilt, she softly cried.

     "I know it hurts," I said, "but it won't hurt very long."

     She whimpered as her cunt stretched to accommodate my cock.

     "I'm going to hold it here until you want me to move again."

     Her breathing slowed after a minute.  "Now," she finally said.
I slowly pulled my cock outward and eased it back into her.  With
each stroke, her cunt more readily accepted my cock.  Soon her breath
was coming in gasps.  "Oh God, it feels so good," she sighed.
"Better than I thought it would."

     "You feel great, baby," I moaned as I savored the feel of her
tight cunt gripping my rock-hard cock.  "You feel so great," I
repeated.

     "Fuck me, Jim," she begged.  "Fuck me any way you like."

     In no time, and at her behest, my cock was moving in and out of
her like a piston.  I varied the strokes, both to stave off my coming
and to give her the fullest experience of intercourse.  Two shallow,
quick strokes, one deep and hard stroke.  A complete pull-out and
re-entry every now and then, just to let her savor the feeling of
penetration, was certainly her favorite.

     "Are you coming?" she asked as my breathing grew faster.

     I could only nod.

     "I want to see it happen," she panted.  "Pull it out and let me
see."

     Just hearing those words pushed me past the threshold.  I pulled
my cock slowly out and laid it on her beautiful red bush.  It
twitched upward as a thick jet of cum spurted out.  The jets of semen
splashed onto her belly and full breasts in several hard bursts.
Pam's hand soon grasped my cock and stroked it.  She moaned aloud as
each streak of white landed on her flesh.  I crawled forward and
straddled her.  She milked the last drops of semen onto her breasts.

     "Happy birthday, baby," I whispered.

     She giggled.  "The happiest ever."

     Later that night, when the cake was brought out, everyone
present told her to make a wish.  She cast a glance my way and said,
"I think it already came true."

     She paused a moment.

     "But I might have more."

     And all twenty-five candles were blown out.
