Archive-name: 3plus/accident.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Accident


 It was a boring night so I decided it was time to go for a walk. As
stroled through the neighborhood I suddenly heard a strange sound. It
was a girl moaning. I looked in the direction of the house it was
coming from but I couldn't see anybody. I decided to investigate and
moved closer. As I reached the house the moaning grew more and more
intense. Thinking someone was injured I followed the sound to the rear
of the house. The sound was coming from inside. I noticed a light on
through a small window which I presumed was the bathroom due to the
size and height of the window. There were some bushes bellow it but
nothing to stand on. I reached up and grabed the ledge with my finger
tips and pulled myself up.
 I was in shock! Instead of an injured woman I saw two women in a 69
position. One was ramming a vibrator in and out of the other. I
couldn't pull myself away from this sight. As they continued to lap and
suck and fuck each other my cock grew bigger and bigger until I felt I
would explode and awaken the entire nieghborhood. Suddenly the women
the two women began to come time and time again.
 Shit! I screamed as I lost my grip and fell to the ground and into the
bushes. I cut in several places from the bushes and I knew they had
heard me. I attempted to run but my hard dick, cut arms and twisted
ankle made it very dificult to go anywhere.
 The window flew open and both girls were yelling at me. One noticed
 the blood on my arm as I again triped and fell. She told me to stay
where I was or she was going to call the cops. I didn't argue.
 As she approached me I felt like I was about to be shot. She helped me
 to feet and into the house. She told me to sit at the kitchen table
and not to move. The other girl stood behind me with a base ball bat
just waiting for the chance to strike. As the first girl cleaned my
wounds and taped my ankles I did my best to explain what had happened.
I wasn't sure she belived but she said she wouldn't call the cops if I
repaired the damege I had done. I of ocourse agreed. She said I was to
come back that week end and repair the bushes, fill in holes I had made
in the lawn, and I was to do all the yard work around the house. Fine I
said hopping that was it. But I was also to clean the carpets where my
blood had spilled and all the other carpets and floors. Ok, anything to
stay out of jail.
 But still she wasn't finnished with me. Since I had interrupted them
 at a very inopotune time I would just have to make it up to them. With
that she walked into the bath room and retuned with the vibrator. She
handed it to and asked if I knew how to use it. I was just a stuttering
fool at that point. She slid off her robe and sat on the table infront
of me. She slowly opened her thighs to expose a lpussy lightly covered
with hair and d ripping wet.
 The turned on the vibrator and instead of inserting it into her
 wonderful love canal I slid it ever so gently back and forth over her
clit. I would allow the very tip of the vibrator to rest on her clit
for only a second only to continue the stroking. The other girl had put
down the bat and was also naked now and standing next to. She reached
up grabing the first girls head and brought thier lips together. She
was slowly stroking the first girls breast, pulling on her nipples to
insure they were as hard as they could be.
 With one hand I controled the vibrator and with the other I began to
massge the second girls vagina allowing a finger or two to carress her
insides. I was now pumping both girls as fast and expertly as I knew
how.  One with a toy, the other with my toy player. They were moaning
so load I thought I knew the nieghbors could hear, but at this point
who cared. It was hard to keep things going with them both bucking
wildly on my hands.
 Finnaly after what I would have sworn was an hour they both started to
shudder  and come at the same instance. The room, my hands and shirt
filled with scent and the juices of thier love making.
 After they had put their robes back on, leaving me sitting there with
 a raging hardon and my mouth wide open, they reminded me to back early
saturday morning to begin my punishment. I was try to stammer about me
and my aching dick but they said this was the first part of my
punnishment. Saturday would be something I wouldn't want to miss.
 I set my alarm clock for THREE AM!!!!

-- 
