                       HELLO, ARNOLD

                      by V.P. Viddler



     Please stop, Richard, please stop, please, Richard, it hurts 
so much, please stop now.

     Yes, I'll do it, Richard, you know I will, please stop. 
Please.

     Yes, Richard, I know what I am. I'm a filthy slut, Richard. 
I'm a whore, and I'll do what you say, please stop.

     Yes, I'll do it for Arnold, hello, Arnold, I'll do it, 
Richard please stop, yes, Arnold, oh god, Arnold, I'll use my 
mouth on you.

     Oh Richard no more, please stop, I'll use my mouth on 
Arnold, yes, all night long, yes, I'll swallow his gism, oh 
please Richard stop.

     I know I did, I know I said that, but I was wrong, I'm 
sorry, Richard. I'm sorry, Arnold. I was wrong, I was a bitch and 
a cunt, but I won't be any more, oh god, Richard please, it hurts 
so much. Oh that hurts, don't, Richard, please.

     What? I can't--no--oh god don't oh don't no please oh Christ 
Christ Christ dear god no all right I will all right stop I'll 
I'll ask him, Arnold you--you don't want to--all right--all 
right, Arnold, would you like to hurt me?

     Oh god. Please. All right, Richard, please stop, I'll ask 
him. Please hurt me, Arnold.

     Oh Christ Jesus that hurts, oh god I can't I can't Arnold 
stop Arnold please stop I'll be good to you I'll give you 
anything you want I'll give you my body that's what you want 
isn't it Arnold my body I'll give it to you you can do anything 
with it and Richard can watch that's what he wants Arnold he 
wants to watch me crawling and hurting and screaming and crying 
and I will, Arnold, I'll do it for you, please stop that, Arnold.

     If you stop you can make me do anything, Arnold. Anything 
you ever dreamed about. I'll fuck anybody you say. I'll fuck the 
dog, would you like to watch me fucking the dog, arnold? Would 
you like to piss on me? Would you like me to drink your piss, 
Arnold? Richard likes that.

     Richard likes to stretch me out on the hibachi and light a 
fire under me and then get on top of me and fuck me while I'm 
twisting and squirming and arching and bucking and straining to 
try to get away from the flames. And screaming of course. Richard 
loves to hear me screaming. Sometimes as I'm screaming Richard 
will piss in my mouth just to watch me choking and gagging. If 
I'm not screaming loudly enough, Richard will stick pins in my 
nipples.

     But the worst is when he puts a leash on me and makes me 
crawl from house to house, stark naked, making me suck off 
anybody who wants it. Man or woman. Or dogs.

     Please stop hurting me, Arnold. Yes, I'm a slut. Yes, I'm a 
cocksucker. Yes, I'm a filthy piece of vomit. Strip me, Arnold. 
Take my clothes off, touch my body, play with my breasts and my 
thighs and my cunt. It's all yours. Is that what you want, 
Richard?

     Yes, I'll lick the floor. Oh no, Richard, please. Please 
Richard. Yes. Yes, Richard. All right. I'll hold still. Yes, I'll 
hold very still, Richard. Please don't do it too--Ohhh Christ 
Jesus ohh god have mercy please no ohhh Christ that hurts I 
can't--Yes I'm holding still, Richard, yes, again? Yes. Do it 
again. Yes. Yes, I'm begging. Ahhhhh.

     Richard. I swear I will never again disobey you. In 
anything. Please let me degrade myself for Arnold. Please let me 
crawl for him. Please.

     Wait. Not that. Richard, not that. I can't. ARNOLD DON'T LET 
HIM PLEASE NO ARNOLD DON'T STOP HIM OH GOD ARNOLD I'LL BE YOUR 
SLAVE FOR LIFE I'LL LIVE ON MY KNEES FOR YOU I'LL NO NO NO NO NO 
NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...

     FUCK ME YES FUCK ME DON'T DO IT AGAIN PLEASE FUCK ME I'LL BE 
SO GOOD FOR YOU Yes Arnold yes Richard yes anything anything do 
it to me piss on me fuck me I'm your slut slave toy slave 
AAAAA...
