
                                Nice Amenities
 
                                     By:
 
                                Hawk #16 @6969
                           Thu Jun 21 14:35:00 1990
 
 
   About three weeks ago, the company that I work decided that I need a
secretary in my office.  I'm a Property Manager in a mid-rise Office building,
and usually my days are rather boring, but with budgeting coming up, they
figured I needed some help on a temporary basis.
 
   When Ann came in to work this afternoon, she was wearing a pretty blue
dress that highlighted her blonde hair and blue eyes.  I'd realized that she
was quiet pretty before, but I couldn't recall ever having seen look so nice.
We had our usual greetings and I filled her in one what had been transpiring
over the morning (which wasn't much) then we settled into the usual chit chat
routine.
 
   At around two each afternoon, we both like to go for a walk around the
block, looking over the buildings that are in our charge.  We put on our
tennis shoes and started walking, still chatting about minor things.  As we
walked, I became strongly aware that her hand kept brushing against mine.  Not
for the first time today I noticed her evocative perfume.
 
   "You seem to have something on your mind today, Ann." I said, turning my
hand slightly so that the next time her brushed it, it would slide into my
grasp.  Sure enough, a few seconds later, as she was speaking, her hand locked
around mine.
 
   "Well, I broke up with my boyfriend the other day."  She said with a gentle
smile.
 
   "I'm sorry to hear that." I said.
 
   "Don't be.  I'm glad it's over.  We've been moving apart for a few weeks
now.  It's time to start over again."  As she said this, we rounded the last
turn and walked into the parking lot of our building. "I'm hot," she said, "Do
I have time for a shower before we finish off the afternoon?"  I told her that
she did and started to walk around to the entrance of the building, leaving
her to go to the shower/locker rooms.
 
   "I left my purse in the office...I don't have my card." she called after
me. I went back to her and opened the door with my card.  The lights were off,
and her hand went to my arm.
 
   "Would you want to come in...make sure that there's no one inside?" She
asked.  I went in with her and flicked on the lights in the foyer.  The door
closed behind us.
 
   Ann's arms moved quickly up my shoulders, her fingers lacing behind my
neck. "I want you." she whispered, her lips parting as they contacted mine.
My heart began to accelerate as our tongues touched lightly, then danced
slowly to unheard music.  I looked over, still kissing her, long enough to
lock the door on the inside, so we couldn't be disturbed.
 
   Our kiss broke after a few minutes and we went into the Shower room.  We
embraced again, undressing each other as we kissed.  Soon, we were standing
naked in the locker room.  I helped her to sit up on the sink basin, and then
knelt in front of her so that I could lick at her sweet pussy.   My hands
moved slowly up her trim body until they were cupping her small, firm breasts.
I rolled her nipples gently with my fingers, then began to  pinch and pull on
them as I felt her thrashing harder, coming closer to her orgasm.  She bucked
at my tongue, then went rigid and moaned loudly as she came.  Her juices
slicked my mouth, and I lapped at her greedily.
 
   When she began to subside, she slide off the sink and knelt in front of me,
sucking and licking at my throbbing cock.  Her mouth slid down my shaft, then
she would tighten her lips as she pulled back away.  Occasionally, she would
move her head in a circular motion when just the head of my cock was in her
mouth.  Her hand moved down and began to stroke my balls, drawn up tight in
their sac.  As I felt myself getting close to shooting, she started to hum,
sending pleasurable vibrations throughout my shaft.  I couldn't hold back... I
let my hot sperm flood her mouth.
 
   She stood and we entered the shower together, I adjusted the water pressure
and temperature while she stroked at my still throbbing cock, maintaining my
erection.  I turned and embraced her again, feeling my shaft slip between her
parted thighs.  With one quick, deft motion, she slipped my cock into her
tight pussy.  I began to stroke, but she told me to hold still...then, she
began to squeeze my shaft with her pussy muscles.  I'd heard of this before,
but this was the first time I'd ever had the pleasure of experiencing it.
 
   Soon, she let me thrust into her and we began to fuck still standing up.
My legs started to shake, so we carefully laid down on the cold tile.  I
placed my hands in her thick hair and began to pump her cunt as hard and fast
as I could. Her cries echoed off the walls of the shower, mine mingled with
them. Soon...much too soon...I felt myself coming again.
 
   "Yes!" she moaned, "Yes, ohgod yesssss...cumwith me!!"  I thrust into her
as hard and deep as I could, feeling my hot cum shooting from my shaft and
into her.  I kept moving, thrusting into her hard, deep and fast, feeling her
pussy start to massage my cock again.  We began to subside from the mutual
orgasm, then we kissed and stood up to rinse our bodies off.
 
   We went back to the office after that and finished off the day.  Now, I sit
here writing this up, looking forward to posting it tomorrow.  I just wish
that Thursdays wasn't here day off.
 
                                    
