Archive-name: Bondage/ambr-s-m.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Amber


May 25, 1990

I must tell some one the story of my encounter with Amber.  That's 
right, the same Amber who posed for Nick, Roy and I just a week ago. 
(see AMBER001.GIF) This red haired wench really got to me, so I 
thought I'd keep in touch with her.  I called her Friday and she 
agreed that we would meet the following Thursday, last night.  We 
said we would talk on Monday or Tuesday and confirm things. 

I kept remembering how beautiful she looked as she stood in that 
dressing gown.  How she crooned when I used the vibrator on her hard 
clit.  How she took all of Nick's cumm into her mouth and would not 
release his cock until she had sucked him dry. 

I remembered the sweet taste of her as she sat on my face as Angle 
sucked me off.  I can still hear her soft moans as she reached for 
satisfaction.  She was so beautiful and full of charm.

She wanted to ask me some questions concerning her business and we 
were to meet for lunch on Wednesday.  I never went to work, instead 
I went to the hardware store and bought two chains, one 10 feet long 
and one 15 feet long.  The both had quick clips on each end.  Last 
Friday, after she had told me she was an S&M slave, I purchased a 
leather necklace, leather ankle straps and a pair of hand cuffs.

I carefully cut the link on the hand cuffs and attached "D" rings 
from an old saddle.  I was ready for Amber, I thought.

I arrived at her building at 10:05 and called from my car phone.  I 
got the damn answering machine.  I decided to wait all day if I had 
to.  As I waited my anger grew.  She arrived with a handsome man in 
a black sports car about 11:00.  I gave her time to get in and 
called.  She answered the phone in tears.  The had just broken off a 
15 month affair.  She was a wreck, all tears and messy make up.  

I demanded that she come right down and while I waited, I hooked the 
chain to the seat belt anchor.  When she got into the car, I reached 
accross, grabbed a handfull of her red hair, and as she screamed, I 
buckeled the leather around he neck and hooked the chain, holding 
her in the seat. 

We drove around like this for two hours while she told her tale of 
suffering at his hands.  Finally, I brought her to my place.  I held 
tightly to the chain as she walked with her head down in front of 
me.  As she walked, her slender legs flashed under her short yellow 
skirt.  Once we were inside, I released her and let her wash 
herself.

We stripped off our outer garments and crawled into bed as I 
comforted her through her anguish.  As the day wore on and she 
failed to gain composure, I took control.  Finally, I could stand no 
more of her wailing.  She was on her back.  I grabbed her ankles and 
lifted them high over my head raising her tiny ass into the air.  I 
slapped her, on the ass, just catching the edge of her pussy.  Again 
and again I hit her until she was quite, gasping for breath, unable 
to scream any more.  I let her down, rolled her over, and gently 
licked the red marks left by my brutal hand, as she drifted off into 
a peaceful sleep.......When she woke at 8:00, I took her home and we 
planned to meet the net day at four.

Finally, the promised Thursday had arrived.  I was there at five to 
four but waited unti five after to call.  No need to let her know 
how anxious I was.  When she came down, I gave her the dozen red 
roses I had.  While she went upstairs to put hem into water, I 
checked all my toys to assure that I was ready.  We went and had 
lobster and crab legs with white wine.  By 9:00 we were in a two 
room suite at a nearby motel.

We talked and laughed and worked on her business plan until two in 
the morning, we undressed and nestled like spoons as she went to 
sleep.  Once I was sure she would not hear,  I opened my bag and 
began to prepare for her domination.  I ran both chains under the 
king size bed.  The short chain under the foot of the bed, firmly 
wrapped around the legs.  The long chain went to the top of the bed.  
The ankle straps were placed on the night stand with her necklace.

I waited, dozed, and awake.  Finally at 6:30 she stired and went to 
the bathroom.  She pissed hard and long, that was good, because it 
would be quite a while before she got another chance.  When she 
returned, I rolled her on her face and began to give her a back rub.  
I gently fastened the leather around her neck, all the while 
squeezing and pinching the firm cheeks of her ass.  Quickly I put a 
hand cuff on each wrist, ran the chains through the rings and 
fastened the ends, one to the loop at each side of her neck.  She 
could not turn over, she was held to the center of the bed and could 
only slide her hands along the chain that held her there.

Now I began to slap her ass with my hand.  I wanted to punish her 
for all of her wrongs.  I wanted her to beg me to hit her more to 
punish her for how bad she had been.  I pinched each buttock into a 
ball and hit it as hard as I could.  Then I got my belt and began to 
drag it along her spine from her neck to the crack of her ass.  She 
knew what it was and begged me to master her,  to earn her slavery.  
Slowly at first, gently at first, I struck her ass and legs with the 
belt.  Amber screamed for forgiveness and begged for more.  I struck 
her again and again raising angry red marks as testimonial to her 
punishment.

Still she wanted more.  I bound and chained her legs, split to edges 
of that king sized be.  Her legs were wide open, her ass and pussy 
exposed to my attacks.  I held back her punishment.  I licked her 
feet, the backs of her knees, the flesh at the base of her neck.  
When she did not respond as I wished, I slapped her on the hot red 
ass.  Finally the slave asked to please the master.  Her will was 
mine.  I pushed my yet soft cock into her mouth and struck her for 
not making it hard yet.  She worked hard and fast and soon was 
gulping for air as I gave her no escape from ten inches of rock hard 
cock.  When her face was wet with tears, I withdrew.  I then flogged 
her ass with my hard on until I could no longer stand the sting.  I 
forced the pillow under her bush and and mounted her in one angry 
thrust as deep as I could go.  She screamed and and begged to escape 
and still I pushed deeper.   Again and again I repeated her 
conquest.  Pulling all the way out and plunging in until my legs 
hurt from the strain.  He pussy juices flowed in great gushes and 
her submission become complete.  She pleaded for release.  To be 
fucked to satisfaction.  Not yet!

I pulled out and ignored her words.  I spread her ass cheeks wide 
and licked her anus.  I wet her some, and rubbed her pussy juice on 
the angry head of my cock.  She know what was next and tried to 
escape.  No slave escapes a real master.  I held her fast as I aimed 
my ram into the tight, unfamiliar hole.  I pushed and she resisted.  
I smacked her ass again and again and finally she could resist no 
more and I was instantly five inches into her ass.  She screamed 
in pain and still I pushed deeper until I could feel her ass against 
my balls.  Very slowly I moved in and out just half an inch.  Never 
giving her rest.  I kept this up for ten minutes and she began to 
ask me to hurt her by fucking her ass hard.  Each thrust became 
longer and more violent than the last until I was fucking her ass so 
hard she was cumming.. He pussy was washing my balls as I ravaged 
her tiny ass hole.  As she quaked to climax I pulled free. 

I berated my slave as my cock was still full and she was staisfied.  
This could not be.  She begged to serve me and I gave her my cock to 
lick and clean.  She pulled me into her mouth and fucked me with her 
face.  Thrusting her head as far as the chains would permit.  Faster 
and harder she sucked until I could deny her no more and the juice 
exploded from my cock into her hungry mouth.  She licked and sucked 
and gulped and pulled until I was drained.  I fell to the floor and 
and went to sleep.  When I awoke she asked to be held.  I released 
her chains, held her close and she told me of her love for me.

That's the way it happens in the Windy City.

--
