Barber Pole Poke 
 
Story Written by: Jerry Enright 
From: Hot Shots Magazine  (September, 1987) 
 
My parents separated right after school ended, and they shipped 
me off to my grandparents.  They live in a small town in northern 
New Jersey;  I'd been there one week, and was already tired of 
just hanging around the house.  I missed my best friend, Mark. 
Just the thought of Mark made my cock begin to harden.  Damn, I 
thought, not a fucking thing to do. 
 
"Why don't you get a haircut," my grandmother said as she cleared 
the breakfast table.  "I hear they're wearing it short again.  I 
never did like long hair on men.  Sometimes you can't tell the 
boys from the girls." 
 
"In California all my friends wear it just this way," I said, 
running a hand through my hair and feeling it against the back of 
my neck. 
 
"We've got a good barber.  His father owned the shop until he 
retired.  Your father always went there.  Now his son Tony runs 
it.  I hear he's even better.  Where are you going?" 
 
"Downtown.  Just for a walk,"  I said, as I left the kitchen 
wearing my old tennis shorts, hoping I'd meet a friend, although 
I had noticed that most of the kids hung around in pairs and 
always seemed to be heading somewhere only they knew about. 
 
I wandered down tree-lined streets and passed the barber shop 
with its striped pole, the colors magically twisting up and down. 
 
I noticed that the barber was sitting in one of the two chairs 
reading a Playboy magazine.  He was young, Italian and well- 
built.  He wore a nylon short-sleeved barber's coat, the 
unbuttoned collar revealing a smooth tanned chest beneath a thick 
muscled neck.  The guy reminded me of 'Rocky' Stallone.  He 
winked when he saw me.  I figured the only way to meet him was to 
get my hair cut.  What the hell, I thought, It'll grow. 
 
The bell above the door sounded as I entered.  He turned and 
smiled in welcome.  "Hi, I'm Tony," he said.  "I'll be right with 
you.  You can sit in either chair, but this one's closer to the 
fan.  Sure is hot out." 
 
"Yeah," I replied, passing the first chair and noticing Tony's 
hand gripping the leather strap as he scraped the razor back and 
forth. 
 
"What's your name?"  he asked. 
"Lan," I replied. 
 
"You can hang your shirt over there.  If you want something to 
read, I've got some magazines,"  Tony said, carefully testing the 
blade and washing his hands.  "You want the fan turned up?" 
 
I sat up in the seat.  "No, I'm all right," I said.  Tony grabbed 
a fresh cloth, whipped it about like a toreador's cape and placed 
it across my lap.  Taking a cold towel, he wiped the sweat from 
my throat, the nape of my neck and my hairless chest.  He pulled 
the cloth over me and handed me the magazine, opening it to a 
dog-eared page.  The photo depicted a blonde with her ass up in 
the air and behind her was a gorgeous stud with a hard-on. 
 
"Nice, huh?" 
 
"Yeah," I said, feeling Tony's hands now fussing with my long, 
blond hair, pulling the locks gently at first and then a bit 
harder.  "How do you want it?" 
 
"Real short." 
 
"Too bad.  You've got nice hair.  I almost hate to cut it.  You 
must be new in town.  I've never seen you before." 
 
"Yeah, I'm visiting my grandparents for the summer." 
 
"I guess you liked the picture.  You've hot a hard-on.  You'd 
better cover up, your cock's showing.  Customers might come in." 
 
I blushed as I stretched down the leg of my shorts.  Then I saw 
the bulge in Tony's chinos and said, "You're pretty hot, too." 
 
We were now facing each other.  Our eyes met, and I found my knee 
was pressing against Tony's crotch, which had grown considerably. 
 
His hand moved up my chest and touched a nipple, but just for a 
moment.  "Okay." Tony said as he finished cutting.  He handed me 
a mirror, and brushed my back saying, "Well, How's it look?" 
 
"Yeah, I like it,"  I said, seeing Tony's tough, rough-hewn face 
reflected in the mirror.  "It feels... cool." 
 
"You're not in a hurry, are you?"  Tony asked, taking the money I 
handed him.  "I have some Cokes in the fridge." 
 
"Me? No, no hurry,"  I said, as Tony shut the blinds and put a 
sign in the window that read, "Out To Lunch."  I followed him 
into a back room that was crowed with boxes of talcum powder, 
piles of clean towels, and a very old barber's chair, its back 
down, the leather cracked from the sweat of many squirming men's 
asses. 
 
Tony anxiously pulled me to him, his large hands squeezing my 
buns, saying "Baby buns.  Oh yeah, the best kind."  He opened the 
fly of my shorts and pulled out my cucumber-sized cock, noting, 
"A hot young ass but a man's cock."  Then he took out his own 
thick, battle-scared Italian meat and placed them together, his 
hot fingers quickly spreading the sticky juice that flowed from 
both heads.  He nibbled at my nipples.  There was already so much 
juice on both our cocks and the insides of our thighs that Tony 
had to stop jacking us off or we would have cum immediately. 
 
We both undressed, never taking our eyes off of each other's 
cocks.  Tony lifted me up, placed me on the barbers chair and 
spread my legs, first licking my balls, then sucking at my 
erection.  As Tony played with my asshole, I squirmed with 
pleasure, whispering encouragement, wanting Tony to give it all 
to me. 
 
Then Tony climbed onto the chair, his muscular body fascinating 
and arousing me.  Tony said, "Don't worry, they made things 
better back then.  These old chairs can hold a lot of weight." 
Kneeling above my chest, he shoved his throbbing cock into my 
anxious mouth, his heavy balls pressing against my chin.  He 
swung around, and we sixty-nined. 
 
Tony turned me over, kissed my cheeks,and licked my tender butt, 
spreading his saliva around, saying, "You're all wet now.  Just 
wet enough."  He spread my asshole and when I felt Tony's large 
cockhead pushing against me, I said,  "easy, easy.  I've only 
done this a couple of times, and they weren't as big as you are." 
 
"Hey, leave it to me,"  Tony soothed, and he moved my body this 
way and that, his fingers rubbing, hands massaging, and then I 
felt him enter me;  for an instant it hurt, and then it felt 
right at home.  The pleasure was almost instantaneous, and I 
pushed my ass back toward Tony's patch of black curly hair so 
that I could feel it all, every inch.  The chair moved and turned 
with the plunging and twisting.  I could see myself in a full- 
length mirror and I could see Tony's face, eyes closed in sheer 
pleasure, his ass never stopping until his prick exploded.  He 
slowly withdrew it, then turned me over and sucked me dry, my 
body arching as I came. 
 
We were both lying in each other's arms, Tony kissing me when 
there was a pounding on the shop's door.  I stiffened.  Tony just 
kissed me, saying, "Don't worry.  It's an old friend.  He always 
checks up on me whenever he sees the blinds closed.  You know, I 
think you'll like him." 
 
He rose and wrapped a towel around himself.   I also grabbed a 
towel and wiped myself.  I heard the bell and turned to see a 
burly young Irish policeman enter the room, followed by Tony. 
 
"Nice, hmmmmmm?"  Tony was saying as he removed his towel and the 
policeman gave me the once over. 
 
"Yeah, real nice." 
 
"he's here for the summer," Tony said, grabbing me and pulling me 
closer, "and he's mine.  All mine.  Lan, this is Jerry.  One of 
the town's three cops." 
 
Jerry removed his policeman's had, revealing a thick crop of red 
hair.  Then he removed his summer uniform as Tony's hand groped 
my basket.  The policeman was also muscular, with a barrel chest, 
massive thighs, muscular arms, and a thick patch of red hair 
framing his long, uncut dick. 
 
"Get up on the chair,"  Tony ordered Jerry in an authoritative 
voice he hadn't used with me.  "And on your stomach.  I want my 
baby to have some of that ... pig ass." 
 
Jerry did as he was told.  Tony mounted the lowered chair where 
Jerry's head rested, grabbed his ass and pulled him up toward 
him, shoving his now hard cock into Jerry's mouth.  He reached 
down, spreading his asshole, and motioned for me to mount the 
chair and the cop.  I stared for a moment at the cop's ass as 
Tony's fingers dug about in his hole, and then I shoved my cock 
inside. 
 
"Yeah, you do what I say, right Jerry?"  Jerry nodded, not daring 
to stop sucking Tony's thick-veined cock as I pounded away, now 
twisting my cock this way and that so as not to miss an inch of 
Jerry's smooth tunnel.  Then Tony said, "I want ass.  Let's 
switch."  He quickly wiped my dick off with a wet towel before 
Jerry grabbed my cock and began kissing it. 
 
Then I watched Tony's cock slip easily into the cop's hole, 
saying "Yeah, you got it nice and hot for me, kid.  Nice and 
wet."  Soon we were all moving together, writhing in the chair. 
Tony raised Jerry's butt high enough so he could reach under and 
play with his hard, distened cock dripping with precum. 
 
"Take him,"  Tony said.  I fell to my knees in front of Jerry, 
Tony still keeping his cock deep in Jerry's ass.  I licked the 
big balls, then grabbed his dick and sucked until Jerry climaxed. 
 
I swallowed the hot eruption.  We paused, catching our breath in 
the hot, stuffy room. 
 
As Jerry dried himself off and dressed, Tony held me, kissing and 
feeling me.  As Jerry Left, Tony called out to him,  "Hey, you're 
about due for a haircut.  And by the way, this kid's mine, 
remember!" 
 
All the way home, I thought of Tony.  I decided small towns 
weren't so bad after all.  I had the whole summer with Tony to 
look forward to.  As I entered the house, my grandmother said, 
"Your mother called.  She said you could come and stay with her." 
 
"No way," I said.  "I like it here."
