                           Babysitting Discovery
                                  Part 1
                             by Mitchell Knight

        A cold November wind blew up from the north, catching me against
the right side as I left my house. I stuck my hands in the pockets of my
warm heavy coat and began walking through the thin carpet of white snow. 
It was the first snowfall of the year, and, living in the Midwest, I knew
it would be the first of many.
        I bowed my head against the unusually strong gusts of wind as I
walked across the street and down the sidewalk a few houses to the
Wallace's house.  The Wallace's were friends of my parents, and I had been
babysitting for the Wallace's son, Nick, for a couple of years now.
        I enjoyed babysitting for Nick.  The kid was really good, and it
earned me some spending money.  At 15, I wasn't old enough to drive or get
a regular job, so babysitting was an acceptable option to me.
        Mr. Wallace answered the door when I rang the bell.
        "Hi, there, Alex, come on in," he greeted me warmly.
        "Hi," I answered as I stepped into the warm house.
        "Let me hang up your coat for you," Mr. Wallace offered, shutting
the door.
        I shrugged out of the coat.  "Pretty cold out there," Mr. Wallace
 commented.
        "Yeah," I said.
        "Hi, Alex," Nick said as he preceeded his mother into the entryway.
        "Hey, Nick," I returned, smiling at the boy.
        Nick was a cute little boy of eleven years with short black hair
and sparkling brown eyes.  He was an only child who was spoiled by his
parents, but luckily this treatment hadn't gone to his head and turned him
into a brat.
        "Hi, Alex.  We're going to probably be out until 1 or 2.  I've
left the numbers on the counter if you need to get a hold of us," Mrs.
Wallace informed me.
        "Okay," I acknowledged.
        Mr. Wallace helped his wife into her coat and then put on his own.
 Mrs. Wallace kissed her son good-bye and Mr. Wallace said good-bye.  Then
the couple left.
        Nick and I went to into the front room and watched TV.  After a
couple hours of this it was his bedtime.  He went obediently upstairs and
got ready for bed.  A few minutes later I went and checked on him and
found him snuggled under the covers.
        "Goodnight, Nick," I said and turned off the light.
        "Goodnight," he said.
        I went back downstairs and found a bag of chips in the kitchen.  I
went back to the front room munching on these and feeling pretty horny. 
Lately it seemed like I needed to masturbate at least once a day in order
to get rid of the incredible sexual tension I felt.
        I wondered whether Mr. Wallace might have some porno videos I
could watch.  I hadn't masturbated yet that day, and I looked forward to
doing it in the Wallace's house; it kind of gave it an added thrill doing
it in the house of my parents' best friends.
        There were cupboards on either side of the big screen TV, and I
started going through these.  I found some video tapes but all of them
were labelled with the titles to tame children's movies.
        When I reached the top shelf on the left side, I found a shoe box
tucked away in the corner.  I brought this out and opened it.  There was
on videotape in it.  It was marked "Tami's Birthday Surprise.  Love,
Steve."  Tami was Mrs. Wallace and Steve was her husband's first name.
        Disappointed but curious, I took out the tape and stuck it in the
VCR.  I couldn't understand why this tape wasn't with the others.  First I
would solve that little mystery and then maybe I would go upstairs and
look for some porn magazines in their bedroom.
        I pushed play and then grabbed the remote.  I sat down on the
couch and watched as the video unfolded.
        Steve sat on the bed in the master bedroom smiling into the
camcorder as it recorded his image and voice.
        "Hi, honey.  Happy 35th Birthday.  I've made a little video for
you.  I hope you enjoy it."
        Steve smiled into the camera and then got up and left the camera's
field of vision.  The lights in the room dimmed a little, and then I could
hear some mellow saxophone music begin to play.
        Mr. Wallace returned to stand in front of the camera.  He slowly
began to grind his hips in time with the music.  I felt a distinct
stirring my groin as I realized what was about to happen.  The butterflies
in my stomach woke up to flutter slightly as I became excited.
        My eyes were locked to the TV screen as I watched Steve peel of
his shirt and toss it off camera.  For the first time I noticed how
good-looking he was.  He had the same black hair as his son and those
seductive brown eyes also.  He was in his mid-thirties so he was still
young-looking, and he had a slim athletic body.  His chest was
well-defined without being bulky, and it was smooth and tanned.
        Up to this point my fantasies when I masturbated had been vaguely
about a couple of cute guys I'd seen in the shower.  A few times I'd
thought about touching their cocks or jacking off with them.  Recently I'd
fantasized about sucking on their cocks, but this video made it all more
real.  I was getting really hot and worked up.
        As Steve slid down his pants, I quickly stood up and frantically
tore off my clothes.  I wanted to be naked now! I wanted my body
completely bare with my raging, pulsing dick exposed.  It was just me and
Steve in the room and he was doing a sexy striptease for me.
        As his pants slid down, his firm white ass was exposed.  He was
wearing a red G-string that allowed me to see his full butt.  Tiny black
hairs peeked out around the strip of fabric running in the crack of his ass.
        I lay down naked on the couch while he stopped out of his pants. 
Then he turned slowly to show off the prominent bulge in his underwear.  I
couldn't stand it any longer.
        My hand slid slowly down my smooth hairless chest to my abdomen
and then to lightly brush the thick bush of curly brown pubic hair at the
base of my penis.  Then, in one swift motion, I lightly grabbed my
throbbing erection.  A soft sigh escaped my lips as my hand came in
contact with my highly sensitive member.
        I watched as Steve hooked his fingers in either side of the
G-string.  My hand went up and down slowly on my erection, sliding the
loose skin and bringing pleasure to my body.
        He slowly dragged them down, first revealing his black pubic hair,
and then the base of his penis, and then all of his big cock.  It wasn't
erect which disappointed me.  I had hoped I would get to see him erect,
but I was glad to see this anyway.
        His pubic hair seemed sparser than mine.  It looked as if he'd
trimmed it because there was only a small, short patch at the base of his
penis.  I had more hair.  His balls were bigger than mind though, and they
hung loose in the hairless sac.
        Once he kicked off the underwear, he smiled seductively at the
camera.  I felt like he was smiling right at me.  Then he approached the
camera.  He disappeared then, and I watched as the focus was adjusted to
center on the middle of the bed.  He came back into the camera's view as he
crawled onto the bed.  He held a bottle of a clear liquid in his hand.
        Sitting down on the bed, he opened the bottle and poured some on
his hand.  He began rubbing this onto his chest.  I realized the show
wasn't over yet, and I began to pick up the rhythm of my stroking.
        He spread what must have been baby oil all over his chest until it
glistened.  Then the next handful ended up on his cock.  Putting away the
oil, Steve began to stroke his flaccid member with two slick hands.
        I picked up the pace on my stroking as I became more excited by
the solo action on the screen.  Soon it was standing proud and shiny
between his legs.  It looked huge.  It was at least a couple inches longer
than my six inches, and it was also thicker.
        As Steve continued his two handed stroking, I realized he intended
to come for the camera.  This thought would have driven me over the edge
if I hadn't jerked my hand away from my erection at that point.  I
couldn't come here and make a mess of the room.  I would go in the
bathroom or somewhere where it would be easier to clean up, but right now
I had to finish this video.
        My whole body was trembling slightly in excitement and
frustration.  My penis begged me to finish it off, but through a
tremendous act of willpower, I kept my hand away.
        On the TV, Steve's pace was picking up.  His head began to snap
forward and back as his whole body got into his whacking off.  His
slippery hand moved quickly up and down his thick, hard cock.
        Soon all his body movements froze except for his hand.  His legs
and chest tensed and his head snapped back.  He let out a loud, audible
groan as a thick jet of white semen exploded from his purple cock head. 
This first thick glob landed on his tan, glistening chest.  Then spurt
after spurt erupted from his dick.  They rained down on his chest and legs
and on the bed.
        He lay there breathing heavily for a few seconds as his erection
slowly wilted.  Then he looked directly into the camera and smiled.  He
ran a finger through one of the white globs on his chest and brought this
to his mouth.  He licked the cum from his finger.
        "I bet you wish you were eating this," he said, smiling. 
"Tonight, honey."
        Then the tape ended.  I pressed stop on the remote.
        "You have a big dick," a familiar voice said from the shadows at
the doorway.
        "Nick!" I exclaimed, scrambling up from the couch while trying to
hide my erection with my hands.
        'Oh, shit!' I thought.  'What did he see? And what's he going to
tell his parents about seeing me like this?'

End Part 1

