                   A COLD AND LONELY NIGHT IN AGRABAH
                                    
Loneliness had become an unwelcome companion in the frigid winter
nights of Agrabah. The days were still warm, but the desert cold swept
through the palace with a viciousness that reminded Jasmine of vizier
Jafar's smile.

Ex-vizier, she reminded herself. He was a genie now, powerless and
buried hundreds of feet under the desert sand in his own cave of
wonders, where she hoped he would stay for the next ten thousand
years.

She sighed and wrapped her woolen cloak tighter about her, looking out
over the town where she had first ventured to find the man of her
dreams, her beloved Aladdin. With the passing of her father, however,
he had been named Sultan of Agrabah, and one of the consequences of
his coronation was the slew of invitations to visit other Sultanates
and confirm his position among them.

Not that there was any chance of war. Agrabah was a comfortable city
that served its people well. Once, it had been an incredibly busy
trading city along the profitable Myrrh Road, but the valley to the
north had not seen rain in many years and the city there had vanished
into the encroaching desert, taking the Myrrh Road with it. Agrabah's
charm along the Myrrh Road had been its powerful spring that fed their
agriculture and kept them alive. Smaller now, poorer in riches but
richer in spirit, Agrabah had become one of the most beautiful and
self- sufficient sultanates in all of Allah's lands, but it possessed
little that would lead another warlord against it.

Her hands were freezing as she leaned against the painted stone
railing. She decided to go inside, closing the ornate door behind her
and crossing the cold tiles to the fireplace, stoking it up to great
warmth. Behind her she heard a soft shuffle as someone pushed aside
one of the heavy winter tapestries that held warmth in her room from
fleeing to the rest of the chilly palace. A low rumble told her who
her companion was, especially when he pressed his cold nose against
the back of her neck. She turned around and grabbed the large tiger's
head in a soft and friendly hug. "Oh, Rajah," she sighed softly. "He's
been gone so long."

"Mrrrowl," Rajah agreed. He walked around to sit next to her before
the warm fireplace, curling up around her. A magnificently muscled
tiger, Jasmine often wondered if Rajah was entirely tiger since his
stomach and rump looked more like that of a Cheetah or other running
animal. "Murrrumm?"

"I know, he'll be back soon," she smiled. "He took Carpet and Abu with
him, too. With father gone, it's just me and you here now. None of the
servants really understand. He means the world to me, Rajah, you know
that. I wish I had more people who really knew how I felt. It almost
makes me wish Iago was around."

"Hrrrumph," Rajah snorted at the mention of the accursed parrot's
name.

"I know, he was as evil as his master Jafar, but at least when I
talked to him he understood what I was talking about." She sighed.
"I'm talking nonsense. Of course I don't wish either of them back. I'm
glad they're gone for as long as we shall all live."

She crossed the high-ceilinged room and crawled into her bed, too much
bed for just one person alone. Rajah walked over to where his
sheepskin rug lay and pulled it in front of the fire with his teeth,
determined to stay warm while he got some sleep.

Jasmine lay in bed, trying to remember the feel of her beloved Ali's
body next to her own, his warming breath and his smooth skin sliding
against hers. In her imagination he was just out of her reach. She
could barely reach out and touch the ends of his silken hair. She had
been so glad when he had given up wearing that stupid white headpiece
with the feather; his hair was one of his most beauteous features.

Her hands ran slid under the heavy linen bedding to touch her belly,
and she could remember the way his hands felt there, touching her,
caressing her softness. It wasn't at all like his. His skin always
felt smooth and dry, but underneath his stomach had been tight,
strong. As were his limbs. She remembered their wedding night, when
she had been so frightened. He hadn't been much better. But after the
initial pain, when he had entered her, she had looked up into his
worried face and held his powerful arms with her hands and told him
she would be okay, he had smiled and they had made love as man and
wife should. The happiness she had felt at their joining had caused
her to cry afterwards for a long time. And he had been so worried!

Her fingers stroked up along her ribcage and over her breasts. She
gasped softly as her own hands made small tremors of pleasure run up
her spine. When he touched her breasts, he was always so gentle. And
his eyes, they were always so full of mischief and happiness.
Sometimes he was just like a child exploring a newly beloved toy.

As her fingers caressed the dark skin along her collarbone and slid
back down the sides of her body, she wondered if she were ever any
better. She knew that seeing him naked for the first time had shocked
her. She hadn't been prepared for the size of his sex, completely
convinced that it would never fit within her own. Yet it had. Her
hands passed over her hips and felt the soft whisp of hair between her
thighs. The sensation of him within her had told her everything she
needed to know about being a woman. And being Aladdin's. That boyish
grin of his made her melt with need.

She spread her legs a little wider as her fingers slid down over her
nether lips to caress between her thighs. She gasped to think of him,
of the exploring they had done. He had always been so... naive. Yes,
that had been on her initiative, to make love in places other than
just the palace bedroom and in positions other than the obvious. But
always for her the best was just to watch his face as he thrust
himself within her, to feel his body atop hers and his sex within
hers.

As she felt her fingers touching within her own wetness, she dreamed
of his kisses on her lips, her throat, her breasts. Oh, she missed
him. Her body missed him. Her fingers went deeper inside herself as
she tried to find the little clues that would bring him back to her
completely. "Oh, Aladdin!" she gasped as a wave of pleasure broke over
her.

She settled back onto the bed. The needs of her body were a little
quieter now, but she knew she could never be fully satisfied until her
Prince Aladdin was in her arms again. She felt desire still, desire to
dream of him again, to caress herself again. "He had better return
soon."

"Mrrrow?" Rajah's voice asked from across the room.

"I'm just talking to myself, Rajah. Missing my Prince."

Jasmine heard Rajah shift his massive bulk as he stood up. The tiger's
body was silhouetted perfectly in the fireplace, and Jasmine found
herself again admiring the giant tiger's beauty. Her first and still
best friend, Rajah had always been there for her when she needed
someone to cry with or to play with.

He crossed the room and hopped up onto the bed. "Rajah!" she gasped.
"You know this bed isn't strong enough to hold you!"

"Rrrrowl," Rajah replied softly, nuzzling her neck with his nose.

She stroked his neck softly. "You're so good to me, Rajah. You're
right. I don't care if the bed breaks."

Rajah curled up next to her, separated by the covers. "Oh, you silly
tiger. Come down here inside and join me. You'll freeze out there away
from the fire."

"Nnnrrow?"

"Come on," Jasmine insisted, holding the covers up. Rajah shifted as
she directed and she tossed the covers over him. She shifted next to
him, taking advantage of his warmth. As always, she was immediately
impressed with his strength, but in some ways she was also attentive
to his strength, not at all unlike Aladdin's. With Aladdin gone, her
desire often rose to uncontrollable heights, and Rajah's presence
drove so many memories within her that, despite her earlier dreaming
she knew she wanted such caresses once again, even her own.

Practical to a fault, Jasmine slid away from Rajah, trying to keep her
desires suppressed. She was not ashamed of her needs; to her they were
signs of her love for Aladdin. She had not had them before she met the
Prince her dreams had waited on. But she had no desire to disturb her
life-long tiger friend. She knew that often her caresses encouraged
her to shift in bed and to make soft noises.

But her body would not be denied. Her hands found their way along the
soft curves of her body, and as she had known small whimpers escaped
from her lips no matter how hard she tried to keep quiet. Her passion
arose within her again, and her body trembled gently.

Rajah shifted in his sleep; one of his rear paws pressed against her
ankle, and to her surprise a small thrill of mischievousness, much
like the one that had originally led her to meeting Aladdin, rang
within her soul. She turned her head to look at her tiger friend, and
was shocked to find him looking at her, his head cocked slightly to
the left and a gentle and friendly smile on his face.

Rajah lowered his head and pressed his cool nose against her neck,
lowering slowly down until his rough tongue was pressing against her
hardening nipple. "Rajah!" she gasped.

"Hrrru?" the tiger replied softly, looking up with one eye open.

"What... Oh..." She sat up suddenly in bed, giving him another hug,
wrapping her arms around his thick neck. "You're just being a good
friend while Aladdin is gone, is that it?"

"Mmurr-hmmm," Rajah replied, his head bouncing slightly.

"Well, I guess it's all right," she replied. "You've always been my
best friend." She lay back in bed and continued to stroke her body.
Rajah softly nursed at one nipple, and she caressed the other before
sliding her hands down between her parted thighs and playing with her
warm sex. "Oh, Rajah, I miss him so," she gasped as her slender
fingers caressed that one place that gave her such pleasure.

Her hands worked faster, but Rajah had a different idea. The scent of
her sex attracted his nose, and he nudged her fingers out of the way
as she caressed herself. "Rajah? What are you doing?"

As an answer, Rajah's tongue struck out and slid along the length of
her sex. Jasmine gasped softly. "Rajah!"

A soft growl grew in his throat, a soft purring sound as he pressed
his head between her legs, licking at her sex. "Yes," she moaned
softly. "Oh, Rajah, please!" she begged as the familiar rise in
pleasure swept through her like a summer sandstorm. "Yes," she sighed
once more, reaching down to stroke Rajah's head and push him away.
"That's enough, Rajah. Oh, you wonderful tiger, you!" She reached up
and pushed him over. More accurately, he fell over and let her hug him
tightly.

"Thank you, Rajah," she sighed, kissing her friend under the muzzle
and scratching at his ears. She felt something bat against her leg and
looked down. Rajah's sex was extended to full length, and she realized
that he must have been excited by her writhing and her climax. "Rajah,
have you ever mated?" she asked suddenly.

"Mmm-rrrr." The tiger shook his head sadly.

"Would you like me to find someone for you?"

"Yrrr?" The tiger looked at her, confused for a second. "Mmurr-urr,"
he replied after a moment, pressing his nose to hers.

"Yes, I know you have me, Rajah. That's not what I meant. I'm not your
mate. I'm not a tiger."

"Mrr?"

"So what?" she repeated, angrily. "You've been my best friend for so
very long, Rajah. I am the Princess. You deserve everything a princess
can do for you."

"Mrrrhurr?"

"Of course I'd do that for you!" she replied, smiling. "I love you,
you silly tiger." She slid over, and again her leg pressed against his
hardness. "In the meantime, let me give you what you did for me," she
continued, sliding down his body.

She was pleased to see that Rajah's sex wasn't in proportion to the
rest of his body; in fact, it was smaller than her precious Aladdin's.
She slowly wrapped her slim fingers around it and began stroking him
slowly. A loud purr rumbled through Rajah as her hand began stroking
him firmly.

She smiled at to look at him pawing the air absently, his head and
shoulders pressed back against the bed. "Rajah?" she asked softly.
"You used your mouth, didn't you?" She slowly lowered her head to his
sex and kissed the tip of it gently. It tasted odd, a little strong
but also pleasant, like wrapped fig leaves dipped in peppers. She
opened her mouth and took it in, tasting it for the first time. Rajah
growled loudly in appreciation.

Jasmine slowly suckled Rajah's maleness, feeling his body grow tense.
She tried to continue, but her jaw tired quickly and she returned to
using her hands, stroking his sex and playing with his testicles
gently, squeezing and coaxing.

Rajah erupted with a roar, a thick white stream of fluid almost
spraying out across his stomach. "Rajah!" she gasped, recognizing the
explosion for what it was.

"Mrrrrrii," he replied softly.

"That's all right," she said stroking his chest with her hand. "I hope
you feel better now."

Rajah just nodded.

After they were cleaned up, Jasmine again lay in bed and Rajah retired
back to his bedding by the fire. She curled up and went back to sleep.

Dawn was creeping back into her windows, the air still cold with the
nights chill when she felt a hand upon her shoulder. "Jasmine?
Jasmine?"

She turned over. "Aladdin!" she cried, pulling him down to the bed
with her. Despite all of the pleasures of the night before, nothing
fulfilled her as much as his presence. "I missed you so much!"

"And I missed you, my princess," he replied. She could feel his
hardness growing between his legs, pressing against her. Her sex
became wet almost instantly; she felt her need become strong again.
She needed to be filled with him, with her Aladdin.

"Please," she moaned, looking up at him, "Aladdin, take me."

"My pleasure, my princess," he replied, tearing his tunic off and
tossing it aside. They tumbled down onto the sheets again, covering
themselves up against the cool morning. His body lighted her passions,
and his need after having been away so long was powerful and immense.
She parted her thighs; he drove his sex into her, filling her and
making her his.

She looked up into his eyes, his softly brown face with those glorious
pools of blue liquid eyes. He smiled down at her. "I missed you,
Jasmine."

"And I missed you, Aladdin. Oh, yes!" she gasped as he pressed down
fully. Their intimacies grew more passionate, his body thrusting
against hers, her legs wrapped around his hips and holding him within
her. "Never let me go, Aladdin."

"I won't, Jasmine, I promise."

"I trust you, beloved," she whimpered as he thrust urgently against
her.

"I... I know!" he gasped, his body shuddering in ecstasy as he
climaxed with in her, and her body responded with waves of pleasure of
her own. "Oh, Jasmine."

After a while, as they lay together under the sheets, Jasmine
whispered, "Ali?"

"Yes, beloved?"

"Don't be angry with me, beloved, but I pleasured myself while
dreaming of you while you were gone."

Aladdin smiled. "Why should I be angry, Jasmine? I know you love me.
If you wanted pleasure while dreaming of me, that only shows how you
love me."

She hugged him tightly. "Thank you, my prince."

He sighed and held his wife closely. "You're welcome, my princess."
