
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:06:05 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Message-ID: <627@rpaladin.win.net>
Reply-To: rgfish@rpaladin.win.net (Richard G Fischer)
From: rgfish@rpaladin.win.net (Richard G Fischer)
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 1996 16:52:01 GMT
Subject: REPOST : The Basketball Team #3 nc s&m etc.................
Lines: 383
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!csn!nntp-xfer-1.csn.net!dimensional.com!news.wizard.com!imci4!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.dbtech.net!news.sprintlink.net!news-fw-12.sprintlink.net!ns1.win.net!rpaladin!rgfish



The following in a collaboration of Parker and myself (Paladin). 
We hope you enjoy it.

Comments should be sent to alt.sex.stories.d please.

The following contains nonconsensual sex, violence, s&m, rape, 
sadism etc.

If you are under age or offended by such, please go on to the 
next posting.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    The Basketball Team #3


Lucy was pissed. 

Who the hell did that Larry think he was? Sure he be the big shit
coach of a respected school team but she had a business to run.
She had sat here on her assets and waited. 

And waited. And waited... 

Shit, she could've fucked two johns by now, 'n made a pile of
money to feed her habit. Angry, she heaved her hugh bulk to her
feet and started to waddle towards the door. Let the rest of
these fools wait for the great sports niggar. She had business to
tend to. If he thought...

The door slammed open and a naked white women with long, brown 
hair flew in to the room, cum dripping from her slit and
glistening all over her face and hair. Larry was right behind
her. He grabbed Synthia's neck and held her up for inspection
like a roasting chicken for the perusal of the assembled
multitude.

"Brothers and sister," he announced theatrically, "I called
you'll here to show you this fine piece of meat who might just be
up for grabs in the next a couple of hours." 

Stunned, Lucy looked around. Frank, a local bookie, and Tiny, his
bodyguard stared. Frank spoke up first. "What for you bring me
here?" he asked angrily. "I a bookie. I ain't no pimp. I got bets
to take on the game and the odds says you going to lose sucker.
The white bitch from the burgs done got the fix in afore you.
Come on Tiny, Lets go!"

Lucy grinned. She *was* a pimp. She strolled over and grabbed
Synthia's left tit and weighed it in her black hand. 

"Wait a minute Frank!" Larry pleaded, ignoring Lucy. "I ain't
wasting your time. This here is the bitch you say got the game
sowed up. I got her and her team here for some extra training and
I thinks we can convince her that she going to show us some
consideration with the officials." 

Frank stopped at the door and turned his sharp eyes on the 
cringing white woman as she tried to twist away from Lucy. "You
ain't shitting me? This bitch with all that cum. She the coach?
She been taking on the boys down stairs??  Still, what that mean
to me? I a business man..."

Larry talked fast. "Here's the plan. We know's that's whitie been
betting on their little pussies to win. You knows odds. But I
says we can use them odds, only without really changin' them.
Y'know what I mean. We'll skin um there at the game, and this
bitch going to help us do it to. We let Tiny here entertain the
lady, while you, me and Lucy gos out side and work out the
skinnie." 

Frank looked doubtful for a moment, but then nodded. Tiny, all
250 lbs of bone crushing muscle of him, strode over to Synthia
and pushed Lucy out the way. Frank laughed. No need to tell that
boy when free pussy was being passed around. 'N white pussy at
that. His charcoal flesh rippled as he grabbed Synthia from
Larry's grip, took her in a bear hug and proceeded to kiss the
now screaming woman. 

"NO NO!!! PLEASE I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT DON'T LEAVE ME HERE 
WITH THIS ANIMAL! I'LL CALL OFF THE JUDGES AND REFEREES....I'LLLL
AHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA....." Synthia screamed in terror as the three
blacks walked out of the room, leaving her to Tiny...

"Boy don't know his own strength Frank. Tell him not to break 
anything... yet..." Larry implored Frank.

Frank went back to the door, opened it, and ordered, "Tiny you 
play nice with that white bitch... for now! She might be useful 
later to my business..." The screams subsided and a gurgling 
sound followed. Frank slammed the door.

"OK. Now what this got to do with me?" asked Lucy impatiently.

Larry spoke up. "Well like you just see'd she bout ready to do
anything to please, so here's how I got it worked out. First we
get her attention, Like Tiny in there be doing. Then you'll shows
her the fascinating world of pussy 'n ass licking for the camera,
or somethin' like that, and then we takes her, suitably
harnessed, to the game. Frank get the bets down and then we win.
You'll collects."

Frank nodded, seeing the possibilities, but Lucy asked: "What for
I does this with the pasty cunt in there. I got business to do
and this keeping me from it. I got a dog fuck due right now for
that asshole Marty." 

Larry broke out laughing. "Perfect. You'll come over here and we
get it all on video. We'll use the dog to make her do whats we
wants. Proper white bitch like that un there videoed with a
puppy... She be ours forever and then some. Then after the game
you gets the pussy in there." 

Lucy was unimpressed. "What I want with an old shrivvled up pussy
like that in there. I need young meat for my customers. 

"All right you old whore, how bout the pick of the pussies down 
stairs?" Larry offered.

"I gots to see em first. They maybe not  meets with the tastes of
my cliental. Where they at?" Lucy asked.

"OK. I'll take you to the drags and you get the pick of the 
litter. How's that?" Lucy nodded and gestured for him to lead the
way. Larry turned to the bookie. "Frank you and Tiny wanna stay
and keep the coach company?" 

Frank shrugged and then nodded. "But don't be too long. I gots
things to do if we gonna make a buck on the game tonight. I'll
take a fuck... or two but make it quick." 

Larry walked away, followed by Lucy. Frank smiled as they left.
He going to ass fuck this white bitch. Ain't got no white bitch 
ever to take his black snake. And this wern't no whore. This'un
did have no say. He'd get Tiny hold her down and...

Frank opened the door and observed his bodyguard holding the
white bitch by the throat forcing his licorice stick into her
unwilling throat.

Frank grinned. "Yes sir, I going to have me a time with this
bitch..."

**

The team members moaned and writhed in terror, trapped by the
leather gloves superglued to the handles of two large blocking
tackles. Each had been forced to slip her hands into the glove
and the lace-wires tied tight so that they could not get lose
without help. Now they stood, trembling with fear and helpless
energy, hands up against the sled while the black teens explored
their formally secret places.

Lary and Lucy came down the stairs. The stairs groaned under
their combined weight. "This here is the string," Larry explained
as he led the female pimp across the yard. "All hopped up and
ready for their jaunt through the street. They going to drum up
business for the game... as if that be needed."

The two blacks stopped a few yards away from the blocking
tackle while Lucy looked the white girls over with an expert eye.
"You sure got some pasty white pussies here boy." She walked
forward and began examining the girls up close. The girls
squirmed away, not knowing what this black woman was going on 
about. Running her hand over Regina's flat chest, she said 
"This one look..."

"I know!" Larry grimaced. "I thought it was a boy too." He
grinned and gestured at the cringing girl's pussy. "And it had
teeth in the pussy not a dick," he joked. "I bashed um out with a
bat, though."  

A nervous Regina looked at these crazy black devils. <I'm a girl
you bastards!!! She wanted to yell at them but in her hurting
condition she just wanted this to be over. Her cunt hurt 
and she was so nervous....>

"Well..." Lucy continued sinking her black finger into Regina's
unwilling hole, "Done a good job too. Little rough around the
edges, but I bet she make a fine lezzie bitch with the right
encouragement. Maybe..."

"Maybe we talk 'bout that later," Larry interrupted. Lucy looked
at him for a moment and then nodded in understanding. These girls
did not yet know their fate.

If possible, Regina felt worse. Everyone called her a boy,
teasing... And now this! Her pussy hurt so bad she could not
slump down and the tears were streaming down her face. <Maybe
this was a nightmare and she would wake up soon....>

Smiling, Lucy moved on to Marcie, a tall girl with long, black
hair and deep blue eyes. Lucy seized one of the girl's boobs
and gave it an appraising squeeze. The girl cried out in protest,
but Lucy ignored her, moving on to Sandra, the redhead with the
massive tits. Lucy smiled. <This one I could sell to the
Jamaicans. They go crazy over the big soft tits. These be down
around her knees in a while, even at her age, but they stay up
for the sale.>  

Sandra twisted at the pain as the large black woman prodded and
poked her left tit. The redhead let out a scream when the woman
pinched her nipple. She too was nervous and fidgety. Just get
this over with. When are they going to let her go home?? Daddy 
will get these bad people.....

"Ahhh...." The black woman had twisted the nipple and was pulling
on it. 

"Sensitive too," she grinned, speaking her thoughts out loud.
"Wonder what she do if'n I just bite it off?" She lowered her
mouth to the nipple in question.

Larry put a restraining hand on her shoulder. He pulled her away
from the 'sled' and whispered in her ear. "Now Lucy, I give you
pick of the litter, but don't go damaging the merchandise. Just
pick out a couple and then we got some filming to do and they got
dragging to tend to." 

Lucy looked at him. "A couple? How 'bout six?"

"Three."

"Five."

"Four. But there's a game to play first, you old whore. You'll 
best me in these deals."

Lucy nodded her agreement. Four prime pieces of white, teenage
pussy was worth a lot of money. She and Larry shook hands, and
she went back to exploring the girls.

Kathryn, a tall brunette stared at her with hatred as she ran
her hands over the girl's tight body. 

Shanda, a petite girl with white blonde hair burst into tears
when she was inspected. 

Terry cringed when it was her turn, and her hole was filled 
with the black woman's finger. The nails scratched the inner
lining, which was already sore from the dildo she had been 
forced on to. Terry sought to pull back and Lucy hooked her nail
in so Terry skewered herself.

"AWWWAWWWAAAAWWW" Terry cried.

<This un got the cunt for it, Lucy decided. I want her, and the
other one. The titted un, the redhead. The rest I'd need more
time to valuate.>

Lucy turned to Larry, releasing the blonde girl's pussy. "C'mon,"
she said, having made up her mind, "I got a camera crew waiting."

"I'll be along," Larry told her, watching as she began
laboriously climbing the stairs. "I gotta finish out here first."

Lucy got about half way up the steps before taking a short break.
She cleaned off her hands and then pulled a cell phone out of her
bag. "Lo Marty!! Look I know's I's late but I got's a deal for
you. Larry got a string of pasty pussys here at the old Lincoln
High School and..." She fell silent for a moment, listening. "Let
me finish fool... You be real sorry you do that. I come over
there and cut off them pasty balls a your'n. Now listen up. I got
a deal here... Yea, I got a better bitch than Wanda to do the
dirty with the dog. How you like a nice white bitch... No, I
ain't shitting you! Not young, but not bad lookin'... athletic...
Well you gets you pasty ass and your shits over here or maybe I
calls Sam... You bastards all look alike to me, honey... Oh yea,
bring the money... of course fool, bring the dog... Oh yea have
the camera man load his camera now. He might could get some
interesting footage on a streaking group of girls for the ghetto
news... What that? Of cource fool... load the still cameras too.
This could be a scoop." 

With that, Lucy slapped the cell phone shut and struggled up the 
remaining stairs. This was turning out to be some all right day.
She hated the stairs but the business she could do and she didn't
have to share any of the money with that bitch Wanda. 

And four pieces of prime, white meat...

**
Larry looked over the girls and inspected the way in which they
were joined to the sled. Didn't want to lose none of the pussies
now, did he?

Satisfied that the gloves were secure, he stood back and began to
speak: "Now, I knows you don't like this much, but 'no pain no
gain'." Many of the assembled crowd of black teenagers laughed;
they'd been in his gym classes and heard that statement more than
once. "But just to show you I'm a nice guy," Larry continued
after the sniggering died down, "I'm goin' to help protect your
precious modesty. I's going to tape you'll sex over with you'll
school colors." He lifted up a bag. "Got some nice wide red duct
tape. That way you pussies be covered from the prin' eyes of the
homies; we done told the whole neighbourhood that this is a
publicity stunt for the game: 'Pussy Publicity'! 'course, they
expect our team, so you'll going to be a big hit. I just knows
it."

He pulled the tape from the bag and approached the quivering
girls, still speaking: "Now, any one you'll wants to stop and
sight see in this neighbourhood... good luck. I bet the rival
gangs be fucking and fighting over you'll asses for a long time."
Lary forced a long piece of the two inch wide tape onto Regina's
crotch. "See, the law now says that it is discrimination for men
to go topless less we let women do the same. You'll be doing the
law a service. Yes sir, sure is a shame to cover this pussy with
this tape but well... law is the law..."

<Not to mention the smooth pussy lips that the removal of the 
tape would create later in the day, Larry thought.>

It took a while, but finally all of the girls had the duct tape
securely strapped over their pussies. Larry straightened up. "Now
here comes your riders." Bubba and Dimona come lumbering up to
the tackle sleds and stepped on. He fighting team members. "See
these is to encourage you'll to do your best. This (Larry held up
a home made cat of nine tails made from short nylon rope with
metal bits in the ends) is to urge you's asses and backs. And
this (he held up a long, home made whip) is to reach over and
tickle the tits of any slacker these fine jockies feel is doing
less that 110% of her duty. I knows your coach is counting on
you'se to do at least that for the old school." He smirked and
pointed to their tapped pussies. "And here, you'll not only be
showen' off the school colors, but you'll school colors 'l be
protectin yo pussy."

He took a step backwards and called out: "Now let's get this show
on the road." He waited while the black teenagers moved away to
create a clear path. "Jockies," he yelled, "start your pussies.
First un round the course gets to stay on their backs and rest up
for the game, but the slackers... they gets to tongue fuck some
cute ass holes for a home video for the school." 

The girls shrunk back from the laughter and jeers, but there was
nowhere for them to go. Where was their coach? Where were the
cavalry to save them? Where was...

Without warning, Bubba swung the cat around and thrashed the ass
of one of his girls. There was an explosion of screaming and
crying as Dimona did the same, and the two sled lurched into
movement. A few more swats, and the sleds were moving along to
the jeers and calls of the crowd.

Bubba's sled took the early lead, but, not to be outdone, Dimona
went to the short whip and her team finally began to pick up
speed, still trailing after Bubba's sled. Dimona was furious at
being behind and quickly went to the long whip. With practised
strokes, she managed to cut a nipple here and a cunt lip
there. Her fillies began to pick up speed and she began to close
with the leader Bubba, but at the turn she lost the long whip so
she had to go back to the short whip on the asses and backs.

Bubba still held the lead as the carts went out of view around a
corner. Cursing, Dimona worked the whip. She silently promised a
lit cigarette in each ass hole if they didn't win this race with 
Bubba. <Bastard done called her fat.>

**

Lary watched as the two carts turned the corner and went out a
sight, a long trail of black kids following behind. He grinned as
he climbed the stairs back into the school. The run and the
uppers were guaranteed to exhaust the little pasty pussies. Now
to see to that lying, cheating, coach of theirs...

He picked up speed, climbing the stairs two at a time. He better
get his black ass in gear less he miss the dog show Lucy done set
up. The thought of the white coach under a dog lightened his
step... That Lucy... She one perverted bitch... maybe that be why
they got on so well. When he got to the door of the former
principals office he heard an argument... 

He tried the door but it was locked. Angry, he put his shoulder
to it and busted it down...





]



