       I guided her off the bed to a standing position beside it, then
I sat down on the edge of the bed and guided her to leaning across my
knee.  She was shivering, obviously somewhat unnerved, and I caressed
her ass gently with my right hand while gently pinching her left
nipple with my left hand.  Very tenatively, very gently, I slapped her
ass with my hand.  I wondered if I was being tenative so as to not
push her or ME, I'd never had anyone over my lap like this before!
Gently, I rubbed her ass with the palm of my hand for a moment and
then slapped again, a bit more, enough to barely bring a slight pink
up.  I felt her squirm on my lap and then felt a rush of dampness on
my thigh, so she WAS going to like this!  Encouraged, I slapped again,
a bit harder, again rubbing her ass gently before I gave her three
quick slaps in succession.  She cried out, a supplicating, begging
kind of cry, and I obliged her need by slapping a bit harder still,
leaving an actual red mark this time.  My thigh was wetter still, she
was obviously enjoying this, but I suddenly felt nervous.  I've never
spanked or whipped anyone before and didn't feel comfortable
continuing without my MASTER.  And I wondered where he was, it had to
have been at least an hour since I'd left him.
       The thought of my MASTER reminded me of how I wanted her
prepared for him, and I lifted her, kissing her cheek sweetly, and
told her to get up.  I think I sensed a reluctance in her there, that
she wanted the spanking to continue, but I was too nervous to go any
further with that sort of thing without his supervision.  I had her
lie face-down on the bed and greased up the butt plug with some KY.
Gently opening her ass with my finger first, I then inserted the plug
and turned on it's vibrator.  She moaned and squirmed and I told her
to play with her pussy as I watched her on her stomach.  Just as she'd
begun humping her hand frantically, there was a knock at the door.  We
both startled and she stopped moving as I asked, "Who is it?"
       "Your MASTER," came the reply.  My heart jumped into my mouth.
I KNEW he wanted to play with both of us, I KNEW she'd love it if he
did, but was a bit worried about her protesting.  She squirmed a bit
under the plug and I told her to continue playing with herself as I
went to the door.
       "Have you convinced her to play with us?" he asked.
       "Well, MASTER, I think she wants to.  But it might be easier
for her if she doesn't have to SAY so.  She has a safe word, so I
think we can assume if she doesn't use it, we're not raping her.  The
word is 'calculus.'"
       "Very good, my pet, you have pleased MASTER."
       "Thank you, MASTER!"
       As we entered, I was a bit nervous.  Any moment she MIGHT call
the whole thing off.  And it was IMPORTANT to me that we all play.  I
knew it would please my MASTER, and I knew it would please Amber too.
I liked Amber and wanted to make her happy, and I knew she wanted to
be fucked in her virgin ass and knew my MASTER did that VERY well.
And I ADORE my MASTER and want to please him desperatly!  I was
almost holding my breath.
       His eyes widened a bit as he saw Amber, naked, collared, lying
on her stomach, her hand obviously playing with her pussy beneath her
and the plug vibrating in her ass as her hips gyrated wildly.  He
broke into a broad grin and caught my eye and I blushed, turning my
eyes downward.  I was very pleased with myself, I'd obviously pleased
my MASTER!
       I wondered what would happen next.  I wasn't too terribly sure
that Amber would respond to a direct command from him, and didn't feel
I had any place saying anything now that he was here.  I was no longer
the director, but simply another supporting actress, and I was
uncertain that Amber would TAKE direction from him.  On the other
hand, my little exhibitonist darling hadn't stopped when he walked in,
and she understood who he was to me.  She knew he was my MASTER, that
I obeyed HIM, and part of her must know that any command from him
would be a command from me, that I'd want her to obey.
       "Jackie, remove that plug and prepare her for me, standing
position."
       "Yes, MASTER," I replied, hurrying to obey.  After removing the
plug, I led her over to the table and told her to bend over and spread
her legs wide.
       After she was positioned correctly, I leaned over and whispered
in her ear, "I'm here, and I promise you he is ok.  And I promise that
even if he told me otherwise, I WILL protect you, no matter what.  I
know you trust me, I won't fail you.  You understand?"  She nodded
slightly, and I turned and faced my MASTER, who had already removed
his jeans.
       "She is ready for you, MASTER," I said, and he nodded in
acknowledgement, as he approached us.
       "Get beneath her and suck her clit, slave."
       "Yes, MASTER," I answered as I scurried to obey, crawling
beneath the table so I would be out of his way when he took her ass.
I began licking her, only half-paying attention, watching, wanting to
see him enter her.  As the tip of his cock touched her asshole, her
pussy dripped and I moved to lick her juices up.  Very slowly, my
MASTER entered her ass, and I heard her gasp.  My heart about
exploded in my chest as I began licking her more frantically, horribly
aroused by the sight of my MASTER's cock screwing my darling's ass
just inches in front of my face.  I pumped my tongue in and out of her
pussy rapidly for a minute or so, them moved to take her clit between
my gums, gumming it gently, then taking it between my teeth
cautiously.  Her whole body was jerking with each stroke and it was
difficult to keep up with her, but I was determined!  As I heard her
gasping faster and faster, I experimented a little, pulling her clit
with my teeth away from her just a tad, and I heard her begin that
wonderful, completly incomprehensible screaming she'd voiced earlier.
Apparently, her reactions had a similar effect on both my MASTER and
myself, as he began pumping her harder still as I pulled on her clit
more.  As the explosion racked her body, I moved downwards to lap up
her juices again.
      My MASTER pulled out of her ass and discarded the condom, then
began fucking her pussy.  I licked up and down from her clit to his
cock as he fucked her, thrilled to be able to do BOTH of them like
this.  He pumped her much harder than he'd fucked her ass, and since
she hadn't quite come down yet, she was flying again in no time.  As
she began spasming around his cock, I again turned my attentions to
her clit to take her higher.  I continued licking as she started back
down, again licking both of them, and I lingered on his cock as he
slowly withdrew, finally kissing the head tenderly.
       "Slave, come lick your friend's juices off my cock."  And I
crawled out between her legs to where he was standing a bit behind
her.  Kneeling before him, I began sucking enthusiastically, as he
pumped his hips slightly in rhythm with my head.  I couldn't help but
think, as I'd thought many times before, that this man was frigging
amazing, that he could fuck so hard for so long and not cum, and as I
thought about that I became even more frantic in my attention to his
cock, hoping to have him cum in my mouth.
       "Enough, slave," he said, disappointing me.  I knelt back up
straight and suddenly noticed Amber.
       She was still near the table, but she'd removed the blindfold
and turned around and the expression on her face was amazing to
behold.  She looked completly astonished and perplexed and I became
VERY aware of the red stripes across my breasts and the bruises on my
ass.  I blushed.
       She walked over to me, and looked at my MASTER and then at me,
obviously fascinated.
       "You may touch my slut, if you wish, Amber."  I blushed worse
at that, bowing my head, unable to look either of them in the eye.
Amber reached out a tenative finger and traced across a welt on my
left breast very gently.
       "But doesn't it hurt?" she enquired.
       "But it hurts so GOOD," I replied, "And my MASTER only hurts me
as much as I WANT."
       She nodded and looked very nervous.  I looked up at my MASTER
with a questioning expression and he, understanding my silent request,
nodded.
       "Amber, dear, NO ONE wants to do anything more to you than you
want.  Don't let my marks scare you, I LIKE them, and that's the ONLY
reason my MASTER did this to me.  He will NOT do anything to you that
you don't want, and even if he DID, which he wouldn't, I would stop
him.  I promise you, no one's going to hurt you."
       Amber nodded and I could see her relax a bit, though she was
obviously still curious.
       "Slave, tell Amber who you are."
       "I am slave jackie, your property, MASTER!" I blushed deeply,
saying this in front of Amber like this.
       "And are you my slave, my slut, my fuck-toy?"
       "YES MASTER!"  And again I blushed deeply, cringing inwardly.
       "Say it."
       "I am your slave, your slut, your fuck-toy, MASTER!" By this
time, I could feel the heat in my cheeks, and my head was bowed, my
eyes lowered.
       "Are you ashamed of what you are, slave?"
       "NO MASTER!" I lifted my head, and looked him in the eye, my
blush receding, "I am PROUD to be your property, MASTER!"
      "And do you serve me well, slave?"
      "YES MASTER, I exist only to please you, MASTER" And I felt the
pride welling inside me, my thrill at being HIS!
      "Offer yourself to me"
      "My mouth is yours, MASTER.  My pussy is your property,
MASTER."  As I continued, I glanced at Amber, starting to blush again,
"My ass is yours, MASTER."  Then I remembered who I was and recovered
my pride, "My tits are yours, MASTER."  And looking Amber straight in
the eye, and filled with pride, I finished, "Your servant awaits your
command, MASTER."
       "Get up and get dressed, slave, we're already late for the
picnic."
       "Yes MASTER, and MASTER?" I enquired as I rose.
       "What, my pet?" I shivered, I LOVE it when he calls me that,
implying ownership, yet affection...
       "May Amber stay the night with us tonight?"  I smiled at her.
       "Of course," he smiled, "Of course Amber is welcome to join us
tonight."

