
ÿ           AGRAPE-1 - Why A Grape is Like a Nipple?

  Sweetheart:

  As I re-read your hot letter,   I am right at his time eating grapes
and I am thinking ... of each as one closely resembling  your  nipples.
I touch one (the left one) with my tongue.   It is glistening now as I
flick my tongue back and forth over it. It begins to harden as my moist
tongue probes it.  I run  my tongue back  and  forth over  it  as  your
nipple starts to elongate and resembles a thick fat eraser as it starts
to become egorged.    I am now savoring the flavor of the sweet slit of
the moist opening in the grape.  I know you would help me cup your warm
breasts and squeeze it for me, so your nipple protrudes forward. That's
right my Sweet,  squeeze it so the nipple stands out and pushes forward
towards my mouth.  Gee, I just blew  a  wisp of air onto it,  and  your
teat got a bit more harder. You are so hot tonight my Darling.

  I wish you were  right here next to me  and I didn't have to  imagine
that these grapes were resembled your nipples.  I noticed too that both
your areoleas are a darker brown than usual. This is due to you are now
getting so hot for me during this foreplay.  I savor your nipples again
by pushing your left nipple by using my lower teeth grip just under the
bottom-side of your  nipple.  Now I can flick my  tongue back and forth
across your  nipple and against the roof of my mouth. Oh yes, Darling I
do!  I can see that too is starting to drive you WILD!

  I know you are starting to get very hot because you are trying to get
my member out of my pants. But, WAIT........you want to my hot mouth to
push your whole breast into my mouth.....Yes I know it feels good!..You
are moaning now.....I am trying to push your whole fleshy mound into my
mouth. I am slowly sucking it deeper and deeper until my whole mouth is
now covering the whole firm fleshy mound...Yes I know if feels so good!

  My member has grown larger and begins to throb in my pants. Yes, Dear
I am too so hot for you.  I help you unzip my pants and I am hard   for
your love.  My pants cannot contain my hard  penis  and I reach for  it
with my right hand.  Yes now I am taking the tip of my cock and bringing
it up to your left breast.        Yes, Darling I know...it's so hard and
HOT!  You want me to take the tip and place against your left nipple. Of
course...that's the one I've been massaging and sucking on so HARD  for
you...and, yes I know it feels sooooo good!

  With my left hand, I begin to rub your right nipple, while supporting
your firm breast in my right hand after I release hold of my cock. Now
you are getting pretty wild Sweetheart......you know what happens next!

  You are getting so  hot that you are squeezing the shaft  of my  cock
as you pulled next to your mouth.  I know it feels so good..you love to
do this for me all the time.   Quickly,  now you are  sliding your lips
over the head and down the length of my shaft.  You are drawing my cock
fully in your mouth.. I know you're getting wet  because I just  ran my
hand down to your slit and you are dripping.   Yes, does that feel good
my Darling...I know you are enjoying the whole thing...Yes, you said as
you put my cock back in your hot mouth again......I too am getting very
excited.  I want to do to you what you are doing to me.

  Yes,  Baby  now swing your legs  over on top of me so I can savor your
juices.  I am trying to adjust your cunt to my lips, but you are pushing
so hard on my face.  I just flick your outer lips with my tongue to give
you a taste for what's ahead..Yes my Darling, I know my cock is so hard!
You are doing such a wonderful job of pleasing me. I am going to try to
please you equally well. I am reaching to pull your lips wider now so my
tongue can get closer to your sweetness.   If fact, I just pushed two of
my fingers into your cunt.  Let me see...Sweetheart, does that feel very
good.....Oh, yes I can tell.....You are really sucking my cock hard now!
I am getting into you more and more with my tongue too ... Yes, Darling
I will try to bury my tongue into you deeper so it feels like a COCK!

  I can hear you gagging and gasping for air...Yes Sweetheart just suck
it like a lollipop....I know you are near an orgasm because I hear your
moaning growing louder...Sure, now the time I've waited for, because my
tongue has been flicking your clitoris so hard. Yes...I can can see you
as about ready. .Yes, Dear...you're stroking my penis hard up and down,
and at the same time putting your mouth on it. Oh...this is the moment!

  I gently have sucked your erect  clit into my mouth and your legs are
bucking so....Yes, Baby, just push hard against my face and I will hold
your clitoris in my mouth. I know you are finishing up as well, because
I can feel your lips sucking and licking as we cum together . . .

  I am holding the vine up in the air and I have just plunked the last
grape from it and the juices I taste are as good as you.   Please write
soon, so I can again savor the moment we so eagerly await together.  And
I can't wait until we are alone when your nipples again taste like  the
grapes I have enjoyed just like your nipples.

   Love,     Jerry Travis

[If any of you Ladies are turned on, please leave me some mail]

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
