        We had arrived early, before the pre-picnic get-together at
the hotel, so my MASTER and I had already checked in and I was nicely
bruised as we entered the function room.  I recognized a few people
and exchanged greetings, it was so wonderful to see them all again!
And it was so much nicer than last time, proudly wearing my MASTER's
collar, feeling the lovely warmth of the welts beneath my clothes...
       I hadn't been sure she'd really show up.  Beneath her teasing
bravado, I knew she was really very nervous.  But she'd gotten her
courage up after all, and made it this far, though she blushed and
looked away when I introduced myself.  Funny seeing someone behave
flustered when they met me, that's how I'd felt at the dinner meeting
so many of the dom guys...
       I managed to get her off to the side and we talked a bit.  I
didn't want to intimidate her, she was obviously a bit nervous, so
we discussed her previous major in college, and why she'd had such
trouble with calculus.  I talked about the kid I tutor in
trignometry, and my daughter's times tables, telling her jokes and
anecdotes.  She asked if I'd brought any pictures of my daughter and I
smiled at her.  "Sure, I promised someone else I'd bring them too...
brought 3 albums, wanna see?"
       She looked a bit uncertain, and I grabbed her hand and said,
"Come on," leading her over to my MASTER.
       "MASTER, may I have the key to our room?  I'd like to show
Amber the pictures of Cindy."  He smiled as he nodded and handed me
the key, and I whispered in his ear, "Give me an hour."
       Amber was visibly nervous when we entered the room.  I told her
to sit in the chair at the table and grabbed the albums.  I stood
behind her as she looked through them, explaining when each picture
had been taken.  I was careful to lean close to her ear, so my voice
was low, and she didn't protest when I moved my head closer.
Encouraged, I began kissing her neck.
       Slowly, I ran just the tip of my tongue over her neck, being
careful to breath on the wet spots on the return strokes.  I licked
with just the tip of my tongue from just below her chin up to behind
her ears very slowly several times, then began licking with the whole
length of my tongue.  After a few strokes like that, I plunged in
sucking her neck and nibbling gently, hearing little gasps escape her
lips.  Encouraged, I went for her ear, nibbling the lobe lightly as I
blew in her ear gently.  Her gasps got louder as she began squirming
in the chair.  At this point I was pretty sure she was thoroughly
seduced, so I decided to begin in earnest.
       Straightening up, I gave her the first command.  In a quiet but
firm voice, I said "Stand up, dear."
       She only hesitated momentarily, rising from the chair and
standing blushing, as if she were half-embarassed to discover that
she'd obeyed.  I put my hand under her chin and lifted her face to
look her in the eye, "Hon, you DO know I don't want to hurt you, don't
you?  I mean, in ANY way, I don't want to freak you out or make you do
anything you're not ready for, you know that don't you?"  She nodded
silently, breaking away from my gaze.
       "Well, if anything happens that's too much for you, or anything
that makes you too uncomfortable, just say the word 'calculus,' and
everything will stop, you know what a safe word is?"  Again she
nodded, and I replied, "Well, 'calculus' is your safe word, and I
won't be mad or annoyed or anything if you use it...you do want to do
this, don't you?"  Again, the silent nod.
       "Kneel, dear."  Again, there was a moment of hesitation as she
thought about what it meant - giving up control, submitting, letting
go of choice and responsibilty...giving herself to me.  Hell, I was
almost jealous of her as I put the collar I'd brought (NOT my MASTER's
collar, would NEVER let anyone wear THAT!) around her neck.  As I
lifted her auburn hair to fasten the collar, I envied what I knew she
was feeling...that moment when you give up control is SO sweet.
       After collaring her, I unbuttoned her blouse, as she kept her
eyes downcast, her eyes lowered, and a steady blush rose in her
cheeks.  She was so adorable like this, my sassy, playful darling, and
I was moved to kiss her forehead tenderly.  She blushed deeper as I
began unfastening her bra, turning completly crimson as her breasts
tumbled out.  I giggled to myself thinking how bashful she was
compared to her outrageous on-line behaviour.  I knelt down in front
of her, taking her head in my hands and looking her in the eyes.  She
shivered a bit and then I kissed her, deeply and passionately.  Her
breasts were warm, even through my shirt, and she responded
enthusiastically, kissing me back, our tongues exploring each other's
mouths as I thought how I just wanted to devour her.
       Breaking the kiss, I rose and found my MASTER's wrist
restraints.  I placed one on her right wrist, pulling the D-ring
through the slit, and then put the little lock on, pausing for
dramatic effect before I clicked it shut.  She shivered slightly as
she heard the click, and I repeated the process on her left wrist.  I
then asked her to place her hands behind her back, and with a third
lock attached the two restraints to one another.  I stood back from
her a bit and just looked for a moment.
       "I knew you'd be lovely like this, so sweet, so vulnerable, so
submissive...I wish my MASTER could see you like this, you're
beautiful, dear."  Again the crimson rose in her cheeks, and I ran my
fingers slowly through her hair, just watching her for another minute.
       I put my MASTER's leash on her and led her, on her knees over
to the bed.  Once we were beside it, I told her to rise, and watched
as she struggled to her feet without the use of her hands.  I removed
the leash, and watching her face, unbuttoned the button to her jeans
and unzipper them.  She looked momentarily panicked, and I stopped
before removing them to stroke her hair again.  Then I embraced her,
again feeling the warmth of her breasts against mine, and whispered in
her ear, "Hon, I REALLY don't intend to hurt you or mess with your
mind.  You know I like you, you do trust me to take care of you?"
Again she nodded.
       I slipped her pants off, and she lifted each leg on command,
standing there now in just her panties.  I rubbed her pussy through
the panties, feeling her dampness and warmth on my fingers and she
let out a tiny moan.  Lord, did I ever want to hear more of those!
The passion in me was growing, I just wanted to make her FEEL things.
       I slipped a finger of my right hand under the waistband of her
panties and slowly began peeling them downwards, and as I knelt down
to remove them, I looked up at her face and at the eye contact, she
again blushed deeply.  Her confusion and embarassment just melted my
heart, this girl might THINK she's not submissive, but she has all the
lovely vulnerability of a true slave.
       I unlocked her wrists, leaving the restraints on, and told her
to lie on the bed.  And I pondered for a minute, I KNEW she expected
me to shave her, had sort of promised her I would, but also knew my
MASTER loved doing that.  And I felt a moment of quandary there,
between feeling responsible towards her and my desire to please my
MASTER.  In the end, I decided I owed it to her and had not been
ordered NOT to shave her, besides I still wasn't entirely sure she was
going to agree to play with him at all.  I was PRETTY sure I could
convince her, but not positive, and thought she shouldn't be
disappointed.
       She knew what was going to happen, we'd discussed it on-line so
many times, and I could see some trepidation in her eyes.  She knew I
wanted her tied spread-eagled, she knew how MUCH I wanted her tied
like that, and I ran my fingertips along her side and chest in a
reassuring manner as I began fidgeting with the rope.  I tied her
right hand to the bedpost by the D-ring on the wrist restraint, then
moved around the bed to do the same on the left.  She seemed nervous
again, so I sat on the bed next to her and just rubbed her belly for a
minute, soothingly, like I do my daughter's when she has a
stomach-ache.  She closed her eyes and relaxed a bit, and I wondered
if she was experiencing that utter freedom that paradoxically comes
when one is bound.
       After a few minutes, she seemed to be deeply inside herself, in
that inner primal place where there are no words, only images and
feelings.  I rose and began working on tying her feet.  The bed was
not a four-poster, so first I ran a large length of rope under the
bed and over the top, so that the loop it formed around the bed
would give me something to tie her to.  After fastening it securely, I
carefully wrapped a piece of rope around her right ankle several
times, the first few turns snug, but not tight, and the next few turns
a bit more securely, and then I tied it tightly to the rope around
the base of the bed.  Crossing to the other side of the bed, I
repeated the process, pulling her legs wide, and thinking to myself
how much wider they would be if it were a king-sized bed instead of
just a standard motel double bed.
       I left her for a moment, and went to the bathroom, returning
with a dripping-wet washcloth, a towel, and the ice bucket filled with
warm water.  I stopped at my suitcase briefly and got my bottle of
SoftShave and a Daisy razor.  I put all the items on the bed beside
her and knelt between her opened legs to begin.
       First, I ran the warm wash cloth over her mound, squeezing it
slightly so the water dripped onto her.  I then removed the cloth and
applied a small amount of SoftShave to the top of her mound and very
carefully began shaving with long slow strokes, rinsing the razor in
the bucket of water after each stroke.  When the top of her mound was
smooth, I moved downward, pulling each lip taut as I shaved her labia
smooth.  Again, I wiped her carefully with the washcloth, smirking to
myself that she was so wet from her own juices, we hardly needed any
water here!  I returned to the bathroom, rinsed out the bucket and
refilled it with water, returning to rinse her several more times to
remove all the lotion and stray hairs.  She was certainly smooth now,
and I chuckled to myself that even though he hadn't gotten to shave
her, my MASTER would be pleased with such a sweet, smooth pussy.
       I cleared the bed of all the shaving items and stood back to
admire my handiwork.  Amber looked absolutely luscious, her eyes
closed, her auburn hair spread on the pillows, her chest moving
slightly with each rapid, shallow breath...Lord, I just wanted to
devour her!  But I'd promised to tease her slowly, and had to fulfill
my promise.

