Archive-name: Affairs/awajanis.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Awakening of Janis, The


{ This is my first posting.  It is a story, at least up to about 20 chapters
  now, that is mostly true.  Would like to hear if you want more chapters.  }


He'd talked to her an innumerable number of times on the telephone.  As a
matter of fact, they had been casually flirting over AT&T for nearly 6 months.
Neither had seen one another so as they walked into the meeting room where
they were supposed to have their weeklong meeting, both were looking for the
other.  He knew her right away because she was the only woman in the room.
Before the meeting began, he made a point of walking up and introducing
himself.  "Hi, I'm Peter Watkins," he said.  "I believe we've met, over the
phone."  Her handshake was firm but there was no commitment there and her eyes
only glimpsed his as they said their pleasantries.

It was a working meeting and she was in one group while he was in another.
Only occasionally did they have to address one another.  Toward the end of the
meeting, he asked for some assistance from anyone in the room.  As she looked
at him, their eyes met, seriously, for the first time.  He knew, she was his.
Of course, in a meeting such as this, there was no time for exploring the
relationship further.  But tomorrow was another day.

Since she lived in the general area, she left with her car pool and he
wandered back to the hotel following the meeting.  The next morning, he was in
the meeting room getting ready for the meeting when she came in with an arm
full of papers to be distributed.  He jumped up to help her and lifted the
load from her arms.  As he did, his arm brushed against her body.  To anyone
else, it would have looked innocent, but he knew there was electricity passed
on that casual touch.  So did she; they both knew it.  During the day, he had
several other opportunities to be close to her.  His touch was returned,
albeit only slightly, each time.  He knew she was his.  She knew she was
attracted to this man.


That's all there was to this first meeting.  Although they did go to dinner at
her home and met her husband, two children, dogs, cats and assorted other
house guests.  He knew, however, there would be many more meetings and the
foundation had been laid.  She knew too.

The next time was a working meeting in Phoenix, far from both their homes.  As
usual, the first day was casual, with the greetings and small talk that
normally accompanied such meetings.  Oh sure, they got their work done but the
real meeting was to take place later.

They all went to dinner at a local restaurant.  He made sure he sat next to
her and they visited cordially all evening.  His leg casually brushed up
against hers several times and was met with little resistance.  His touches
were returned and the electricity between them began to build to a crescendo.
As they returned back to the motel, in his rented car, he made sure she was
the last person to be driven to her area of the motel.  He pulled into a
parking place and shut off the engine and lights.  His arm reached out and
playfully touched hers.  She looked at him and they kissed.  It was a long,
deep kiss; each other's tongue probing the other's mouth.  His hand sought out
her breast and she pulled away from him abruptly.

"What's the matter," he asked.  "Nothing," she said; "I have to go to my
room."  He walked her to her room and then returned to his.  He was so sure
that he had read her right, yet she had pulled away from him.  "What the hell
is going on," he wondered.  Just then the phone rang.

"Hello," he said.  "I'm sorry," she said.  "That's OK," he muttered.  "What
was the problem?" he asked.  "I'm married - you are too," she said.  "I can't
do this," she protested.  "Besides, I'm in the middle of my period," she
stated matter of factly.  "That's OK," he said, reassuringly, "We don't have
to do anything you don't want to do.  I just thought you wanted to ..."  I
do... did," she stammered.  "This is so difficult - its my first time for any
of this and I don't know what to do.  I want you so bad - but what about my
husband, my children.  What would they think?"  "Hey, you're a big girl," he
said, "You have to make up your mind what is right for you."

"What does your wife think?", she asked.  "If I don't tell her, she doesn't
think anything," he said.  They talked for two hours and finally hung up.  He
knew she was his; but it may take a while.  She was extremely driven by sex
but she had to work through this.  They would have many more times together
and they could wait.

"Do you want to make love to me," he asked.  "Oh yes," she stammered.  He
could tell, just by her voice on the phone, she was blushing.  "Will you do it
next time we meet?", he asked.  "Yyyyyessss," she whispered in the phone.  Do
you want me to lick your clit?" he asked.  There was a pause on the phone, he
heard a quick breath, "Don't say that," she said, "Someone might be
listening."  "You're getting wet down there, aren't you?", he said.  "Oohh
God," she whispered "Shut up."  The AT&T flirting was becoming more direct.


By the time they got to Phoenix, she was so hot that just the sight of him
made the juices start flowing in her pussy.  She spotted him in the lobby as
he was registering for his room.  This was one of the largest conferences that
their company had ever had, with over 500 employees attending.  Both of them
knew a myriad of people and all were staying in this or the adjacent motel.
She knew that she would have to be extremely careful because many of these
people also knew her husband.  Yet she was intrigued with this man.  He was
not the most handsome man in the world but what attracted her to him.  His
hands and the way he talked to her over the phone.  His hands were big for the
size of his body and they blended with the upper body of a man who had labored
long and hard in the west as a cowboy, ranch hand, wildlife biologist and
computer operator.  He had a quick sense of wit, humor and knew just how to
push the right buttons to make her body quiver at the sound of his voice.
She'd never been with a real cowboy before and the thought of that made
goosebumps appear all over her body.  What the hell cowboys had to do with it
was something that puzzled her.

She returned to her room and watched as he took the glass walled elevator to
the 6th floor.  She knew he didn't suspect she was watching him and that
excited her.  She was actually getting wet watching this man ride up the
elevator.  "What's the matter with me?," she thought to herself.  She waited a
few more minutes after he left the elevator and began to wonder if she should
call him.  After about 15 minutes she walked over to the phone.  Just as she
grabbed the receiver, it rang.  It scared her so she dropped it on the floor
and she became embarrassed.  "He  -  Hello," she said as she picked up the
receiver from the floor.  "If I say you have a beautiful body, would you hold
it against me," she heard him say.  A gush of fluid escaped from her pussy.
Her body was trembling as she began apologizing for dropping the phone and
stammering various things into the mouthpiece.  "What am I saying," she
thought to herself.

"Sssooo, should I come down and we go to dinner or what?", he asked.  It was
only 5pm as she glanced at her watch, a little early for dinner.  "Uummm,
don't you" she was interrupted by his saying he would be down and they could
discuss it.  Before she could answer, he hung up.  She rushed to the bathroom
to clean up.  She knew her panties would be soaked from all the fluid that had
escaped her pussy as they talked.  "What in the hell is the matter with me?"
she wondered to herself.  Just as she was finishing the last button on her
levis, a soft knock was heard at the door.

She opened it and her knees started to buckle.  He had on his western clothes,
and she had not realized how wonderful she thought he looked.  He was not the
"marlboro man", but she recognized a genuine cowboy when she saw how his
clothes fit and the way he just stood there.  The big belt buckle seemed to
gleam like a neon sign.  "Well, do I just stand here for the duration, or do I
get invited in?", he joked.  She stepped back and he walked in past her as she
closed the door.  Her pussy was soaked and her knees could barely keep her
legs from buckling beneath her.

He looked around her room and walked over to the shades and pulled them shut.
"There's no sense of advertising the fact that we are together in this room,
for whatever reason", he said.  "There are plenty of people in this outfit
that would be glad to rumor monger us to death," he continued.  "Come over
here," he commanded.  She flew to him and their lips met.

She was helpless in his arms.  Those big hands virtually covered her back as
he placed them around her and his strength practically crushed the breath out
of her.  He was not a big man but obviously was strong and caring.  The kiss
lasted for, it seemed, an hour.  He picked her up and carried her to the bed
and laid her down before their lips separated.  She was already breathing hard
and her body was in flames.  His lips began caressing the sides of her neck
and reached to her ear lobes.  His hands had found her breasts and were gently
squeezing them.  She wanted to say something but could not find the breath to
do so.  She was totally his to do with as he saw fit.  She knew, somehow, that
he would not be cruel to her nor ask her to do anything that she did not want
to do.  She trusted this man implicitly.

By now, her blouse was fully opened and his hands were exploring her stomach
and had already caressed her legs.  She felt him following her zipper down to
her crotch and the juices in her pussy were drenching her panties.  She
wondered if they would soak through her levis.  As his hand applied just
slight pressure to her pussy, she came for the first time.  Her body arched
against his touch and her breathing became erratic.  Flames shot up the front
of her body, piercing her breasts and bringing a blush to her face.  She was
sweating profusely and was totally out of control.

He began to take off his clothes as he caressed her body with his lips.  He
moved away from her to remove his pants and she sat up on the bed.  "I hope
you don't like big breasts," she said; "If you do, you're going to be really
disappointed by me."  He finished removing his pants and returned to making
love to her.  "Anything more than a mouthful is excess," he whispered to
reassure her that he would not be disappointed.  He removed her bra and his
lips met her nipples and began caressing them with gentleness, yet firmness
she had never before experienced.  His had again found her crotch and she came
again.  Not the full climax she would feel later but still, enough to take her
breath away and cause her to feel the flames of desire shoot from her pussy to
her breasts where her lover was working intently.  Her nipples caused huge
contractions in her pussy each time her lover sucked on them.  Her hips
gyrated with each sucking action, pushing her pussy into the hand that was
gently massaging it through her levis.


She felt the button to her jeans give way and the zipper practically unzipped
itself.  A hand crept under her panties and she felt a finger caress the tip
of her clit.  "Oh Christ, I'm cumming again," she thought to herself as
another wave of contractions, flames, muscle spasms and breathlessness
overtook her.  She was reveling in the hands of her lover.  She raised herself
slightly as he moved lower and began to remove the levis and panties from her
body.  When they came off, she raised herself and removed her blouse and bra
that were just hanging on her body.  For the first time she saw his erect cock
standing out from his body.  She reached for it and began massaging it.  She
felt a finger at her clit and it began to rub up and down her slit.  She knew
she was ready for entry as the hand slid easily up and down her vaginal entry.
Suddenly, the finger slipped inside her as her lover sucked her left breast
into his mouth.  She shuddered as she was almost overwhelmed into a fourth
climax.

Her lover worked his lips and tongue down her stomach as he slowly arranged
himself between her legs.  She felt his tongue on her clit as he slowly licked
it.  Suddenly, her clit was sucked into his mouth, his tongue flicked it back
and forth mercilessly as his fingers worked inside her vagina.  Oh God, Oh
God, Oh God," she thought as she came again.  The waves of excitement came
from deeper within this time.  They sucked at her breath, her nipples became
so tight they seemed to be caressed by just the air flowing over them.  She
bucked at the tongue which continued to flick her clit.  Sweat was streaming
down the sides of her head and beaded up on her stomach.  She had never been
with a man that could make her feel this way before.

The waves began to subside and her breath started to return to normal.  She
felt him lift himself from her clit and raise above her.  As she opened her
eyes, she felt his member enter her vagina.  His lips met hers and his tongue
began to reach towards the depths of her throat.  She could taste her juices
on his tongue as he rhythmically began fucking her.  With each stroke, she
could feel his pubic hair and pelvis rub on her clit.  She knew she was in for
one of the strongest climaxes she had ever experienced.  His tongue began
tickling the sides of her neck and working toward her ear lobes.  One of his
hands had grasped her left nipple and was slowly squeezing it, driving waves
of excitement from her breast toward her stomach.  She could feel the fire
beginning to build in her clit as he began to increase the strokes he used in
fucking her.  Her toes started to close, her knees began slowly to straighten,
her stomach was beginning to tighten.  She had never been here before.
Suddenly, her breath left.  The fire from her clit met the waves leaving her
breasts in the middle of her stomach.  Her toes completely curled up.  Her
buttocks heaved in excitement and her legs wrapped around her lover as she
pulled him harder and harder into her clit.  Slowly soft moans began escaping
her lips.  They became louder until she was screaming.  She bucked with her
lover and her whole body spasmed against the this climax.  She had never had a
feeling such as this.  She thought she would pass out as she lost track of
time, space and everything.  She felt as if she couldn't breath, yet she could
hear screams of joy coming from her mouth.  As he exploded inside her, she
felt herself lift another notch up the climax ladder.  "How far can this go,"
she wondered as she screamed louder.  She could not quit bucking and swaying
against the force that was bringing her to this feeling.  She wanted it to
last forever, but it began to subside.

She could hear the screaming and moaning beginning to subside but the rhythm
of fucking was still making her pussy and clit cause her to drag her lover
deeper and deeper into her vagina.  Harder and harder she pulled at him.
Slowly, she regained some of her consciousness.  She could see the sweat on
his chest and she began to feel her breaths coming in somewhat of a regular
fashion.  Her lover began to slow his strokes and caress her forehead.  Slowly
his lips found hers and his tongue eased itself into her mouth.  The spasms in
her stomach muscles began to subside and the slow strokes in and out of her
pussy began to feel like rhythmical interludes.  Her toes uncurled and her
legs slowly dropped to the bed.

"Looks to me like you enjoyed that," he said as he lowered himself to the side
of her.  She tried to say something but her throat was so dry, not a sound
came out.  She felt as if her throat was sore as she cleared it trying to get
some moisture to her vocal cords.  Suddenly, he was up and returned with a
glass of water for her.  She drank a little and, as he lay down beside her,
put her head in his arms.  "That was wonderful," she breathed. "I have never,
ever, cum like that before.  Where did you learn to do all those things?" she
asked.  "Oh, you were just all excited because this was the first time," he
said.

"What's for supper?", he asked.  She looked at her watch. "My God," she
thought, "Its 6:30."  "Its already 6:30!" she exclaimed, "the last time I
looked at my watch, it was only 5:00."  "Time flies when you're havin' fun",
he said.  "Maybe we should just order in?" he said with a question in his
voice.  "Or we could just skip supper altogether," she volunteered.  "You mean
you think you could handle some more of what we just did?" he asked.  "Well,
maybe not right now - but we could discuss it", she giggled.

They passed the night, making love three more times.  Each time, he managed to
make her cum.  She could not imagine cumming that many times in one night.  It
had never happened to her and she didn't know what to make of this man who
just walked into her life and practically took her over.  She always knew that
sex was very important to her, but this man had awakened things within her
body that she didn't know existed.  Little did she know how much these
feelings would have on her body as the weeks and years progressed.

--
