Copyright © 1997 Ashley@cythera.com

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may also be
contacted through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



"Now That It's June"

By:  Ashley


As some of you know, I've been grounded for the merry, merry month of May.
Electronically grounded, that is, so I couldn't email anybody, couldn't
post anything.  It's been about as bad for Daddy, I think, since I've
hardly been satisfying his desires while he punishes me.  He gets by.  I'm
pretty sure Mrs. Trefethen has been back at least once.  I smelled her
perfume.  And he makes sure I know when he's masturbating, probably trying
to encourage me, but I just close the door to my room and get on the phone.

So things have been quiet, basically just sex with Tommy and with myself,
sometimes rereading some old email (one nice thing about it - you can go
back to it and cum all over again and thank you very much those of you
who've sent me stories and pictures).  Except for one unusual evening, the
weekend after my birthday when I had a little party at Jennifer's, I don't
have much to report.  And even then, there's no actual fucking involved, so
for a few of you who have been very clear that's all you want to read
about, SOORRRYYY. . .:)  I only report the news, you know?

Anyway, my birthday was May 8, as I probably told you sometime before.  So
now I'm 17 and pretty soon will be too old, maybe, for you.  I hope not.
Anyway, Jennifer's parents were gone for the weekend so we had a party at
the big apartment she lives in.  Nothing outrageous, hardly any drinking,
no drugs, just a bunch of women 16 - 18.  And presents for me!  All clothes
and CD's, which is cool.  By 9 pm, everyone else had left, even Susan who
didn't have a date.

We were talking about something or other when Jen lowered her voice and
said, "The pervert's back."

"What?" I asked.

"The pervert, I call him.  Look, I mean, don't make it obvious, but look
out the window.  Two windows to the left.  See him?"

"He's not bad looking for being about my Dad's age.  Why is he a pervert?"

"He watches from his window.  I don't know what he sees, I certainly never
show him anything.  Must be one of my neighbors or something."

"My Dad says perversion is the opposite of neurosis," I said.

"What the fuck does that mean?  See, he's turned off the lights but you can
still kind of see him in the window."

"It means that perversion is OK.  Neurosis is bad, right?  So the opposite
of a bad thing is a good thing.  Why don't you show him a little, Jen?"

She blushed.  "I couldn't!  What if I met him in the street or something?
He lives RIGHT THERE."

"Go ahead," I encouraged her.  "You've really nice breasts, you know.  Make
his day.  Night.  Whatever."

She shook her head and added, "Besides, I'm having my period.  I'm not
going to let him see that!"

"Just show your. . .never mind.  I don't live RIGHT HERE and for me it's my
horny show-off time of the month.  Dare me," I begged.

"You wouldn't," she objected.

"I accept your dare.  He hasn't even moved from his chair, has he?  What's
his name."

"I don't know.  Just call him the pervert."

"That sounds so awful.  Let's call him: perv, pervy, purry . . . Perry!"

I stretched, pushing my little breasts, much smaller than Jen's, out
against my blouse and tried to watch for Perry's reaction.

"It's hard to tell with his lights out what he's looking at."

"Maybe this isn't a good idea," Jen said.

"It just needs work."

So we worked on it for a few minutes.  Jen flicked the light on and off "by
accident."  I went to the window and stretched some more.  Then, "suddenly"
struck by an idea that Jen and I had already worked out, I picked up a
sweatshirt I'd gotten for my birthday.  Jen watched, sitting where it would
look like I was doing this for her.  I hoped Perry was watching, too.

Slowly, very slowly, I unbuttoned my blouse.  I put my left hand on my
right breast and vice versa and made exaggerated rubbing motions.  I felt
like a stripper on a stage.  I liked it.

"I can't look," Jen said, laughing, holding spread fingers over her eyes.

I eased off the blouse and then did a similar slow strip with my bra - . .
. strap . .  strap . . . hook . . . cup . . . let it fall.  Turning slowly,
I modeled myself for them both.  Jen clapped silently.  I put on the
sweatshirt and waited for something to happen in his window.

"Nothing's happening," I said.

"He's probably gone to watch TV."

I undid my jeans and stripped them off.  The sweatshirt came just to the
bottom of my crotch, hiding my white undies.  Still nothing.

"Jen, turn off our light for a minute.  Let's see what he does."

We watched in the darkness.  Nothing.

"Maybe he thinks we've left."

"Maybe he left a long time ago."

"Do you have a candle?"

"Why?" she asked, suspicious.

"Just get it and light it."

I took off my sweatshirt and stood nearly naked, backlit by the candle so
he could tell I was watching.  I tried to be patient.  Soon, his light went
on and we both watched him putter around his room - not quite a living room
and not a bedroom.  His pervert room, I guess.  He took off his shirt.

"Now we're getting somewhere," I said.

He stripped to his jockeys.  Still not bad looking for his age, his tummy
just a little bit round.  He paused here, apparently uncertain what to do.
He started to draw the drapes.

"NO!" I shouted.  He couldn't hear me, of course.

He left the drapes open about four feet, then stood back from his window.
I could see the top of a hard cock sticking out the top of his jockeys for
about ten seconds, then he switched off his lights.

"What do you think?" Jen asked.

"I think it's our turn," I guessed, "and that he fixed his drapes so some
of the neighbors can't see him.  I guess you should turn our lights back on."

"What will you do?"

I shrugged and blew out the candle.  As our lights came on, I pulled out
the box with my new pajamas - not that I ever wear any.  Jen took her
position and I got a little farther back in the room so I wasn't visible
from the street.  I took off my undies and stood naked before Jen, Perry,
whomever.  The idea that someone else might be watching from Perry's
building excited me a little more.  I got into the pj's, tops first, making
as good a show as I could.  Then I took the bottoms back off and turned
away, bending over and showing my pussy from behind.

Jen was transfixed.

I rubbed my ass with my hands, then slid my hands between my legs and
grabbed the backs of my thighs.  I slid my fingers over my pussy.

"Ashley!"

I tried to look between my legs at Perry, upside down, and played with
myself for long seconds until I got dizzy.

"Lights!  Candle!  Action!" I said.

Almost as soon as our lights were out his went on.  He was in a bathrobe.

"That's cheating!" I said.  "He changed while his lights were out."

"There's a rule book?" Jen asked, making fun of me.

We stood close together.  Across the way, Perry walked around the room
nonchalantly, as though he didn't know he was being observed.  He let his
robe fall open.

"Right," Jen said.  "His robe just opened itself."

"Don't complain.  That looks like an excellent cock to me."

And it was.  It jutted proudly, a hard thick prick that, as far as we could
tell, got that way just by watching us and staying that way just by knowing
we were watching it.

"I think he plays with it when he's out of sight," Jen said.  "What do you
think?"

"I think you're much too critical of a happy dick."

He faced away from us and eased the robe off his shoulders.  It dropped to
the floor and his bare ass stared us in the face.

"Pretty nice ass," I said.  "As nice as your Dad's, Jen?"

"Ashley!  I don't look at my father's butt!"

Whereas I know my Daddy's intimately, I thought.  I've squeezed it while he
came inside me.  Put my finger in his asshole while he fucked my mouth.
Almost fucked it once with a chocolate prick.  Ah, Jen, if only you knew!

"Of course not," I said.

Perry walked around his room a little, going in and out of view as the
drapes got in the way.  From time to time we could see his hard cock
pointing the way.

"I think that's a very nick cock, Jen."

"He's old, though."

"Yeah, I guess, our fathers' age.  Still, a good hard prick . . ."

"Are you still fucking Tommy?"

"Yeah."  And Daddy until lately.  "How about you and Edward?"

"We . . . don't do it anymore."

"That sucks," I said.  "Why not?"

"He got a little weird trying to put it where I didn't want it and I've
just stopped for a while.  We still do other things."

"Whatever.  Look at Perry!"

Perry's ass was facing us again.  His slim, nude body was almost
motionless, except for one arm moving slightly.  From time to time he would
turn to the side slightly so we could see he was masturbating, not that it
was hard to guess.  I don't know how much he could see with the candle, but
I did sort of a standing dance, writhing for him, running my hands up and
down my body.  Soon he turned all the way so we got a good look at him
jerking off.  His balls were beautiful.

"Guys sure masturbate a lot," Jen noted.

"You've seen him do this before?"

"Not like this, where I can really see.  But I think he jerks off with the
lights off, watching whatever it is.  I think Edward does it every day."

"And you don't?" I laughed.  Rude of me, I guess.

"Well, a little, but not all the time."

"I," I said, "like to come at least once a day myself.  Tommy or, um, you
know, getting fucked or doing myself or whatever."

"You're fucking somebody else, too?" she asked, astonishment plain in her
voice.

She can tell too much from my voice.  Jen, I'm not going to tell you, at
least not yet, about all the ways Daddy and I have done it.  About the
massage or about him watching me fuck Tommy while he masturbated.  Not you
who won't even look at her Daddy's ass.

"It's a long story," I said.  "Look, his lights are off again.  Our turn."

I stood by the candle as the wisp of smoke dissipated.   Putting my fingers
on my pussy, I started to rub.

"Do you think he's still masturbating?" Jen asked.

"I'm sure.  Look, I'm running out of ideas.  Help me out, OK?  Come here."

Jen stood next to me and asked, "What?  I'm not going to do what you're
doing."

"Just take your jeans off and your top.  No biggie."

She took them off much too fast while I played with myself.  I think she
stood beside me for all of two seconds before sitting on the floor so he
couldn't see below her breasts.  She left her panties on.

"Ow, my foot!"

"Sorry.  Is it his turn yet?"

"Soon."  My fingers on my pussy felt really good and I loved knowing he was
watching.  I enjoyed Jen's reluctance.  I was having a good time.

"Rub my thigh, Jen, or something.  Let's help him finish what he started.!"

At first, she rubbed my thigh really fast, like she was trying to get the
circulation going.  I put my hand over hers and slowed her down.  Soon, she
was just caressing me with her fingers, a lovely sensation, especially on
the back of my leg and behind my knee.  Soon after that, I took her hand
and led it on a path around my leg and over my ass, back around to the
front and put it on my pussy.

Jen started to pull away, but I held her firmly and almost immediately she
just relaxed.  Her fingers teased my pussy lips.  She squeezed them one at
a time between her thumb and index finger.  She rubbed my clitty without
touching it directly.

"Shit, Jen, you're incredible!  Just practice masturbating or what?  You
weren't like this back when you and I fooled around."

"I've been with another girl a few times," she said in a tiny voice.

I didn't even think, I just blurted.  "Your sister!"

She didn't answer, which was answer enough.

"Very cool," I said.  "Very, very cool."

"You think so?" Jen asked, and she put her lips to my pussy.  I think she
may have forgotten we were putting on a show.

I stood facing Perry with Jen's face in my lap.  I pulled on her hair while
she dug her tongue into me.  She grabbed my ass with both hands.

Maybe Perry felt like we'd left him behind.  Whatever, even though we had
our lights on he lit up his apartment too.  He masturbated right at us.
His hand gripped his cock and pumped.  Perry's other hand played with his
balls.

"Look, Jen," I said.

She looked, putting a finger inside me to make up for her tongue.  I spread
my legs a little farther so Perry could watch her finger-fuck me better.
Jen's finger writhed inside me, her thumb touching my clitty once in a
while and we watched Perry . . . masturbating faster . . .looking first at
Jen and then me and then where her finger disappeared inside me . . . he
spread his legs and pointed his cock a little higher . . . and he spurted
cum high into the air.

With that first big ejaculation, I put my own hand on my clitty, enjoying
the feel of Jen inside me and she added a second finger and for a split
second it was too much, then it was just right and my own orgasm started
just as Perry pumped out another big stream of white.  Soon, we were both
done, Perry's lights were off and I was resting on the floor.  Jen and I
had our arms around each other, our naked bodies touching.

"That was really nice, Jen.  Fun."

"Weird," she said, but I could feel her smile.  "But I  liked it too.  I
don't care if I do meet him on the street.  He sure had a lot of cum."

"Yeah.  Sometimes I can't swallow all of Tommy's, but Tommy is a lot
younger.  Older guys don't usually come like that."

"How the fuck would you know?" she asked.

Tricky.  You can't lie to your best girlfriend.  Especially just after
she's eaten your pussy.

"It just figures, you know?" I said.  "I read in a book they don't pee as
hard, so it just figures."  I tried to sound definite.

 "What aren't you telling me, Ash?"  She stroked my back while she asked.
I had to offer something better.

"I watched a couple guys on the Internet."  Mostly Daddy.  "They were old
too and when they came it was a lot less.  It sort of just flows out of
their cock and over their hand."

"Really!  Can I watch sometime?"

"Sure."  I got bolder.  "Did you ever watch people fuck?"

"On the Internet?  No.  You've done that?"

"I was thinking of real life.  In person," I said.

"No.  It would be neat, though."

"Want to watch me and Tommy?"  This wasn't quite a blurt but it wasn't
terribly well thought out, either.

"You're crazy.  He'd never do that.  Before tonight, I'd have doubted even
you would either."

"Before tonight I wouldn't have offered, Jen.  You can if you want."

"Maybe.  I love you, Ash, even though you're very strange."  She pinched my
nipple and laughed.  My pussy tingled.

"Only two out of three of us came," I said pointedly.

"It's OK."

I rubbed her back, pulling her against me.  Hugging is one of the best
things there is, with almost anybody, I think.  Her breasts felt good.  I
sucked a nipple into my mouth.

"Really," she whispered loudly, "it's OK."

I put a leg between hers and moved my thigh against her pussy.  Soon she
was on top of me, leaning forward so I could suck her breasts, her thighs
straddling my upraised  leg.  She slid her pussy back and forth  against
me.  I teased a nipple with my teeth.

"Can you feel my cunt?" she breathed.  "How wet it is?  Can you, Ashley,
can you tell?"

"Your cunt?  Is that what you and Melanie call it?"

"We call it everything.  Feel my wet cunt, Ashley.  My hole.  How hot my
slit is for you.  I want you to feel the honey from my honey pot come all
over you."

Honey pot?  Jen was riding my leg really hard, pinching the breast that
wasn't in my mouth.  When she suddenly stopped and squeezed my leg with
hers she sort of shuddered all over.  She came like a puppy shaking off
water.  I think I heard her teeth rattle.  She collapsed on top of me.

"I think you needed that, Jen," I said happily.

She nodded into my neck.  I looked out the window and I thought I saw the
drapes moving in the apartment above Perry's.  Maybe not.

That was my birthday party, at least the part you want to hear about.  This
week Jen told me she thinks she does want to watch me and Tommy do it,
which I think will be a real turn on if I can pull it off.

I know what you're thinking.  Threesome.  But I kind of doubt it, although
it would work for me.  I don't think Jen is the type.  I'm not actually
certain Tommy is either, but I've got to believe that if you put a pussy in
front of a guy with a hard prick, he'll decide it belongs inside her.

I've lots going on this summer, from camps to looking for colleges.  But
it's good to be back on-line!

Don't forget to write.

Luv ya,

Ash

