Archive-name: Affairs/alice-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Alice Part I - Mike


I was combing out my hair in front of the bathroom mirror when Mike came
in.  For a brother and sister, we got along pretty well.  He was tall and
good looking, and several of my girl friends were pretty interested in him,
even though they were the same age as I was (13).  Mike was 15 and a
sophomore in high school, while I was in the 8th grade.  I was tall for my
age and had filled out nicely during the past few years.  Several of his
friends made lewd remarks occasionally. 

Mike and I worked out together in our basement.  He needed to be in shape
for football and hockey, while I was doing gymnastics and diving.  One day,
we had just finished a workout and had each showered.  I was standing in
front of the mirror combing out my recently dried hair when Mike came in. 
He stood behind me and began to comb his hair.  When he was done, he put
both hands on my waist.  His hands slid forward to my stomach, then rose
upto cup my breasts through my robe.  I felt a warm sensation begin in my
belly and a tingling all over. 

"Cut that out,  you pervert" I said.

"Your tits are getting pretty nice, Al" he said huskily. 

"Thanks, I think" I replied, lowering my arms so that they brushed his
hands away. 

"You know, I saw you spying on me yesterday.  I think its time you learned
a few things."

With that, he turned me around to face him, slowly undid the towel around
his waist and let it fall to the floor.  I had seen him undressed before,
but not up close since we were little.  His penis was much larger than I
had ever seen it, huge in fact.  Skin covered about half of the large,
smooth, purple head.  It appeared to be about twice as big as his hand
which he wrapped around it and began to slowly use in a pumping motion.  As
he did, the skin near the tip slid with it, covering and uncovering the
tip.  I was fascinated by the sight and stood there as if rooted.  A
thousand confusing thoughts ran through my mind.  My view widened and I
took in his flat belly with its clearly defined muscles, his chest, broad
with small dark nipples, his broad thick shoulders. 

He paused in his stroking and stood there briefly with his hands on his
slim hips.  Then he took both hands and reached out to me, letting his
fingers trail lightly from my cheek downward along my neck to the vee
formed by my robe.  He slowly loosened the sash of my robe and let it hang
loosely.  His hands slipped under the robe to my waist, and slid slowly
upwards until they cupped my breasts.  He rubbed his thumbs over my nipples
and I could feel them stiffen at his touch.  He slowly raised his hands
taking the robe with it and sliding is off of my shoulders, let it drop to
the floor.  His touch was electric and left trails of fire on my skin.  My
knees were trembling and my legs were growing weaker each time his fingers
moved on my skin. 

He took my hands and moved them to his cock.  Even with the tales and
stories of my more knowledgeable girl friends, I was not prepared for the
size and hardness of it.  My hand was too small even begin to encircle it. 

I tried to squeeze it to no avail.  My knees started to buckle and I
grabbed him for support.  One of his arms went around my back, the other
swept me up with effortless ease and he carried me out of the bathroom and
into my bedroom.  My hand was still locked in a death grip on his rock-like
manhood as he lowered me gently onto the bed. 

He straddled my hips, his long torso towering over me.  "Look at me,
closely" he whispered. 

And look,  I did.  I studied the head of it,  noting the cleft on
the underside and the opening at the tip as he pulled the skin back.  I
could see the loose folds of skin covering his balls pulled tightly up
against him.  Removing my hand from him,  he leaned forward and began to rub
his cock on my belly and breasts,  occasionally letting it slap against me. 
The size and weight of it was incredible.  I had imagined an erection
before, but I had always pictured it as thinner and lighter.

He began a pumping motion again, and a drop of clear fluid appeard at the
tip.  He moved his cock to one of my nipples and transferred the drop to
it.  A few strokes later, a second drop was placed on my other nipple.  He
lowered his head and started licking my breasts, circling the moistened
nipple with his tongue.  His lips then seized a nipple gently while his
tongue flicked the tip of it.  The sensation was electric.  Each touch sent
waves of fire through me.  I heard myself sigh as I was unable to take my
eyes off of him. 

Between my legs it was like fire and ice.  I had had feelings of excitement
before but nothing like what I was experiencing now.  The feeling was
spreading through my entire belly and all my muscles were tightening.  My
back arched as I sought to press my entire breast into his mouth.  He began
to suck on the nipples harder, squeezing each with his tongue. 

He rose up and put my hands back on his cock, guiding them to a pumping
motion.  The tip was very wet and he took one of my fingers and collected
some of the moisture.  Taking the finger, he brought it up to his lips and
licked it.  He then took my hand, moistened my finger on the tip of his
cock, and guided it to my mouth, applying the liquid to my lower lip.  I
licked at it tentatively with my tongue, not knowing what to expect.  The
taste was slightly salty but sweet.  He wet my fingers again and offered
them to me to lick clean. 

He stroked himself slowly, and lowered his cock to my breasts again,
rubbing it gently around my incredibly hard nipples.  Leaning forward, he
brushed it against my neck and cheek.  My mind was racing with tales of the
girls at school, how they talked about blow jobs and sucking.  I couldn't
imagine how anyone could take something of that size in their mouth.  I
kept my eyes closed as he used his tool to caress my cheeks, and when he
brushed it over my lips a "no!" escaped them.  Undaunted by my feeble
resistance, he returned the tip of his swollen shaft to my lips, pulling
down my lower lip with the ridge near the top.  More of the liquid was
transferred. 

"Lick it" he said huskily.

I turned my head away but his free hand cupped my cheek and turned me to
face it again.  My lips were now coated with fluid and I instinctively
licked them.  As I did, he pressed forward and I felt my tongue brush
against the tip of it.  The taste was stronger now, and I could smell the
muskiness of his scent.  He repeated his command, holding himself against
my lower lip. 

With a tentative lick, my tongue slowly traced along the underside of the
tip.  I marvelled at how smooth it was.  With a little motion, he insisted
on an encore and again, my tongue extended.  Slowly he pressed it further
towards my mouth.  Opening my lips slightly as if I were going to clean off
an ice cream cone, I felt his shaft with both lips.  My toungue pressed
against the tip, feeling the small cleft.  With gentle pressure, his cock
slid forward easily until I could feel the ridge pass my lips.  My tongue
was now flat along the groove underneath the swollen tip.  He withdrew
slightly and pressed forward again, deeper into my mouth.  Again and again,
deeper and deeper he probed.  My mouth was stretching wider with each
movement.  My hands went to his hips to press him back when I felt the gag
reflex develop in my throat. 

He backed off slightly and I found my hands exploring his hips and ass. 
The pumping of his hips reacted to my touch.  As I pulled on his hard
buttocks, he pressed forward into my mouth.  As I released the pressure, he
withdrew.  I realized that he was letting me control the depth of his
penetration. 

"Suck on it .  .  .  harder" he moaned. 

I could feel the strokes quickening as I did as instructed.  Rather than
the long, slow strokes of the initial penetration, he was moving faster
now.  I could hear his moans growing in intensity.  Suddenly I felt his
entire body stiffen and a low scream escaped his lips.  A sudden jet of hot
fluid struck the roof and back of my mouth.  As I started to push him away,
another geyser erupted and he plunged his cock deeper.  Unable to breathe,
I felt a moment of panic.  I tried to swallow as best I could as more and
more fluid bathed my throat.  I could feel the pulsing of his cock and
reallized that he was still stroking the shaft slightly. 

As the pulsing subsided, he withdrew slightly, allowing me to breathe.  He
rolled slowly to the side, pulling my head with it to keep the penetration. 

I swallowed and began to sense the taste and texture of his spunk.  It was
much saltier than the earlier fluid and slightly bitter to taste.  It clung
to my mouth in sticky globs and left my mouth and troat feeling dry.  His
hands held my head, keeping my mouth around him as I felt his cock begin to
soften.  I let my head fall to his stomach, and I began to be aware of the
heat in my own loins.  He withdrew himself from my mouth and drew me up to
lie beside him, cradled in one arm, my head tucked into the nook of his
shoulder. 

"That was incredible,  Al" he whispered.  "I have never
cum that hard before.  Are you OK?"

I sort of nodded against his shoulder, my mind still whirling.  His hands
stroked my back, kneeding and caressing.  I felt one hand slowly tracing
the curve of my hip, sliding along under the top edge of my panties.  He
rolled me slowly over on top of him.  His hands were now inside the thin
fabric, cupping my buttocks.  I felt incredibly warm and tight as I lay
atop him.  His hands slid downward, taking my panties with them.  One of
his legs with between mine, and I could feel the hardness of his muscles
between my thighs.  His penis was starting to harden again, and it pressed
insistently against my lower belly.  His hand roamed to my stomach, and
moved lower.  I could feel his fingers entwining the sparse hair atop my
mound.  He seemed to grab a wad of hair and pull it upwards towards my
navel.  The leg between my thighs raised further upwards, pressing against
my crotch.  As it made contact, it was though a stick of dynamite had
exploded between my legs.  My hips convulsed against him and my teeth bit
into his chest. 

He rolled over on top of me, removing his leg in the process.  I suddenly
felt empty.  I felt my panties being drawn down past my knees and off of my
ankles.  His hands traced rings of fire on my thighs, moving higher.  His
fingers probed my wetness, ice against fire.  My hips again began their
involuntary movement, seeking hardness.  His leg again emerged between my
thighs.  His hand was insistent as it rubbed and probed.  I felt the tip of
his finger slide into the wetness.  As I felt the muscles of my vagina open
to his touch, searing heat began to spread upwards through my belly.  My
fingers dug into his shoulders, pulling him to me. 

I felt him shift my leg around his, locking my ankles with his own.  He
spread his legs further apart, taking mine with him.  His cock was fully
erect now, pressing into my lower belly.  His hands slid up my sides,
taking my arms and pressing them over my head.  I felt totally helpless, my
squirming doing nothing more than tighten his grips.  I felt his body
shift, his cock dragging slowly over my mound, down along the cleft.  My
body seemed to be shrinking.  I felt like I was the diameter of a pencil. 

My legs fought against his to no avail.  Then came the pressure as the tip
of his cock found my wetness.  My head was trapped between my arms, my chin
on his shoulder.  I tried to protest but only a moan escaped. 

The pressure between my legs mounted.  I felt his legs widen further and
the pressure increased.  Slowly I was taking him inside me.  He began to
move, side to side, up and down.  I could feel him slowly stretching me,
filling me.  My hips moved against his movements to ease the pressure.  I
felt even smaller, tighter.  One of his hands slid down my back to encircle
my hips.  I felt totally naked.  The hand and arm lifted my buttocks as he
suddenly pressed into me with all of his strength.  The muscles of my
vagina suddenly relaxed and he plunged into my depths.  The sensation of
penetration was overwelming.  A mixture of pain, discomfort, and pleasure
coursed through me, spreading outward from my crotch.  The pressure was
gone, just the feeling of being filled, of being possessed. 

He just held me tightly for a while, not moving.  I reveled in the
sensation.  His legs relaxed, allowing me to move.  My arms were freed and
I lowered them to circle his shoulders.  He raised his head to look at me,
silently asking if I was OK.  Not sure of how to react, both of us just lay
there, looking, feeling, joined together.  I could feel him pulsing inside
of me at each movement.  I told the muscles of my vagina to clamp down. 

Lightning bolts shot through me as I did.  I could feel his breath, inches
from my face.  I drew his head towards mine until our lips were just
touching.  It was as though an electric circuit had been completed.  The
surge of energy coursed through me and I spasmed around him. 

He reacted by pressing against me.  I thought he was totally inside of me
and was unprepared for the thrust.  Blinding lights flashed in my brain.  I
could feel myself opening further, taking him deeper and deeper.  After
what seemed like hours, I felt the hardness of his pubic bond meet mine,
crushing against that secret spot.  Explosions wracked me as he ground our
hips together.  Harder and faster he rubbed, harder and faster were the
spasms that coursed through me.  I grabbed on with my arms, my legs, my
vagina.  I felt him pause, letting my reeling senses return.  He started to
withdraw from me and I heard my feeble moan in protest.  Like a pile
driver he plunged again into my depths, sending shock waves through me. 
Again he withdrew, again he plunged.  Again.  Again. 

His tempo increased, as did the length of his withdrawal and penetration. 
I could feel his heat within me, spreading through me.  I felt my own hips
respond, merging into his rythmn.  The waves swept over me, coming faster
and faster.  I heard screaming.  I felt the white hot poker plunging within
my loins.  I felt the insides of my body moving, rearranging.  I felt like
a thin sheath around him, taking him, milking him, taking life from him. 

Everything went white with blinding light, and then, slowly, to blackness. 

When conciousness slowly returned, I could still feel him inside of me.  He
was softer now, when I moved, I could feel him slip with the moisture that
joined us.  He rolled off of me, taking me with him to lie on our sides. 

Somehow, he stayed inside of me.  We lay there for what seemed like hours,
looking at each other.  On impulse, I brought my lips to his, as if to say
that it was OK.  He smiled and hugged me tighter as we drifted off to
sleep. 

          - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The events described above actually took place over a period of several
months.  We have remained friends and lovers over the years since then.  He
is married, has two wonderful boys, and except for occasional visits with
me, remains faithful to his wife.  I have a group of men and women with
whom I have a deep relationship.  Except for my occasional visits with
Mike, I remain faithful to them. 

I hope you found the story interesting.  It was written with Mike's
knowledge and consent.  He wants me to continue with other stories.  If
there is sufficient interest, I will attempt to share them. 


Alice.


(c) Copyright 1992 by the author.  All rights reserved.  Limited
distribution (not for profit) is granted, provided proper accreditation
accompanies.  Standard disclaimers apply.  Any use other than as
intended may be a violation of federal law.

--
