Archive-name: 3plus/afschool.txt
Archive-author: Penthouse Forum
Archive-title: After-School Special


  I am a graduate student at a large southwestern university.  As required by
my department, I teach two sections of introductory psychology every semester.
These classes attract, as you may suspect, some of the most beautiful wenches
on campus.  Last semester in particular featured a number of lust inducers that
would rival any of those depicted in your fine magazine.  Long an avid reader
of the "Forum" column, I must admit I never really believed any of those
letters until a recent experience with these education-hungry (among other
things) babes changed my mind.

  It all started during registration week.  I was manning one of the walk-
through registration posts in the gymnasium when three of God's most beautiful
creations appeared at the head of the line.  They introduced themselves as I
sat in my chair, fighting back an erection that could have bench-pressed a
ton.  The first and most talkative one was Lisa, a five-foot-eight blonde
bombshell with tits reminiscent of the old Titan 2 missile launchers and a tiny
ass that appeared hard enough to crack an egg on. Standing on either side of
Lisa were Janey and Jeri, a pair of identical twins that could convince the
pope to relinquish his vow of celibacy.  Both were about five-two, slender, and
sporting smallish but very firm, well-shaped boobs.  Each had the face of an
angel, framed with shoulder-length reddish-auburn hair.  The twinkle in their
eyes, as I would find out later, was a much better indicator of what was going
on in their heads than their cherubic countenances.

  Lisa explained that she and her girlfriends were in quite a bind.  They were
one semester away from graduating, but they needed a distribution credit in the
humanities, and most classes were already full.  Thinking quickly, I suggested
that they take my course.  It had actually been filled hours earlier; however,
I could list them on the roll and later feign ignorance to my department
chairman.  That being decided upon and done, the girls retreated with a wink
and a promise that my help would be later rewarded.

  The next time I saw them was the first day of classes.  The sensuous seniors
sat side by side in the from row, wearing their sorority sweatshirts and the
shortest of short shorts, revealing a mile of the greatest gam this side of
Uranus.  It took all the willpower I could muster to avert my eyes from their
tremendous deltas and get on with the class.

  I began class by introducing myself and discussing some of the basics of what
was to be covered during the semester.  Then, as I passed out the syllabus, I
glanced over at the three, and caught Lisa's tongue running over her raspberry-
red lips like an ABC Super Slo-Mo, adding a glisten to her mouth and a bulge to
my crotch.  I almost walked straight into my lectern.  Then, still reeling,
trying to regain my composure, I spied Janey's hand slipping up over Lisa's
smooth thigh toward her waiting bush barely covered by her shorts.  Lisa moved
her head back slowly, suppressing a sigh of delight, while Janey's hand gyrated
intricately above Lisa's snatch.  There was no way I could continue my lecture,
so I dismissed the class early, using the excuse that the first day should just
be for going over course mechanics, not starting anything in depth.  Of course,
mechanics were on my mind, and depth as well.

  The students filed out of the lecture hall, but the three dolls stayed in the
room.  I couldn't help thinking how fine they would be in bed, and this gave me
a raging hard-on that was as obvious as golf clubs in a leather satchel.  Lisa
was the first to notice my cloth-covered fleshy obelisk.  She glided over to
me, placing her delicate hands on the crotch of my jeans, rubbing ever-so
gently.  She turned her head to the twins who also came over.  Janey's nipples
were rigid, appearing like pencil erasers under her shirt.

  I felt my zipper being undone and looked down to see Lisa take all ten inches
of my manhood into her saliva-filled mouth.  Janey and Jeri began to undress.
I almost came when I saw that the twins were wearing under their clothes.
Janey had on a black leather bra and a matching crotchless black panties, with
a small Harley-Davidson tattoo on her belly above her happy trail, while Jeri
was dressed in a lacy white teddy that was reminiscent of doilies.

  Lisa continued to inhale my impaler, alternating with a bit of nibbling on
the underside of my worm's head and pinching my fuzzy balls.  The twins lay
down in from of me, revealing two of the most beautiful pussies I have ever
seen, each covered with downy red pubic hair.  Holding back an orgasm, I
suggested, out of breath, to Lisa that she should stand up and face the
chalkboard and let me take her from behind.  She was only too happy to oblige.
She strode over to the chalkboard and tore off her clothes with reckless
abandon, exposing the most incredible body in the Americas.  Just the sight of
her rosebud-tipped scoops of vanilla ecstasy was enough to cause some precome
juice to dribble from my cockhead.  Add the sight of her undulating buttocks to
those golden globes, and you can imagine the frenzy to be found in these
loins.  I raced over to Lisa and was ready to enter her.

  The warmth and smoothness of Lisa's velvet vise made me lose my mind.  I
pumped away at her while Jeri licked and nibbled my balls.  I was straining to
hold back the geyser as I continued ramming away at Lisa's love hole.  She
squealed in ecstasy, pressing herself against the chalkboard harder and
harder.  Tension filled the air and the scent of sweat and love juices made us
all gasp and groan in unfettered delight.

  As she moved away from the board to engulf my stone-hard member to the hilt,
I saw the imprint of her face and sweaty tits in the chalk residue.  Twitching
and throbbing in delight, my wang was having the time of its life in Lisa,
probing ever deeper like a wildcat driller in search of oil.  I was about to
unleash my pent-up jism into her when she pulled away and knelt in front of me,
motioning for the twins to join her as well.  All three of them then began
taking turns sucking on my dork, starting with Janey, who cleaned it up with
her teasing tongue.  Each girl played with herself while doing this, and the
vision of a trio of dripping fur pies was more than I could bear.  I had to
have them all.  I gasped that they should lie on the floor with their legs
spread wide to receive my engorged staff.  I dropped to my knees and began
alternating thrusts, first into Lisa, then Janey, followed by Jeri.  Shrieks of
delight left their mouths breathlessly, and my own inhalations were increasing
in tempo to a true delirium.

  I could not hold back more that a few seconds now.  I pulled my purple penis
out of Jeri's pussy, and all three coeds sat up with their mouths open, waiting
for my steaming cream soda.  I closed my eyes and let out a primal scream so
loud that I'm sure everybody in the psychology building heard it.  Then we all
collapsed, totally exhausted.  Suddenly worry knotted my guts.  I looked up at
the clock and saw that there were only two minutes before the start of the next
class.  I quickly dressed.  They left the room and I straightened out my
lecture notes for the next class, anticipating midterms with fiendish delight.

-- 
