*********************************************
** ANN&BOB.TXT * Formatted by John & Vicky **
*********************************************


About 2 years ago Bob and I moved to another town when he changed his job.
As a consequence we lost touch with many of our friends. Then at about 6.30 
last Monday evening there was a knock at the door, and I went to answer it.  
It was Terry, who had been Bob's best mate until we moved, and who we 
hadn't seen since.  I invited him in, and explained that Bob was out of the 
country on business, but that he was welcome to have a cup of coffee, or a 
drink, if he liked.  He had a beer, and we chatted for a while.  Eventually 
I offered to show him around the house, and he said he'd love to see it.

I showed him the downstairs, and we then went up the stairs, with him 
following me.  I knew that he was watching my arse through my dress as we 
climbed, but I didn't really mind, because I had secretly fancied him for a 
long time.

As we went into the bedroom my heart sank!  My vibrator was lying on the 
dressing table where I had left it last night.  I hoped that he wouldn't 
notice it, but no such luck.  He walked over to it and picked it up.  
"What's all this then?" he said.  I stammered "Well, Bob's been away for 
over a week, and... well... you know" "You get randy, do you?" he grinned  
"Of course" I said "Well that's very interesting" he said, and to my 
amazement he sniffed the vibrator "Very sexy" he said, and started licking 
it!

Well, that really turned me on.  Bob is okay, but he is very straight-laced 
(he doesn't even know I've got the vibrator), whilst I have always 
fantasised about all sorts of kinky things.

I made a token attempt to end things there, but I think I knew even then 
that Terry was going to fuck me that night. "Put it down, please," I said, 
"you're embarrassing me"

Instead he turned it on, and started rubbing it against his cock through 
his trousers.  I could see that he had a huge hard-on.

"Why don't I relieve your frustrations" he said, moving towards me. I 
backed away, but he was too quick, and he grabbed my wrist with one hand, 
and pushed the vibe against my pussy, through my dress, with the other.  
That did it.  I moved closer to him, and rubbed my crotch against the vibe.  
"What do you want to do?", I said. "I'm going to make love to you"  Before 
he could go any further I interrupted him. "No, talk dirty, it turns me on" 
"Okay" he said, "I'm going to strip you naked, and then I'm going to 
squeeze your tits and finger your sopping wet cunt until you beg me to fuck 
you"  

I was getting very, very excited "You sexy bastard" I said, "You can 
do anything you want to me"  "Anything?" he said. I nodded, "Promise"  The 
front of my dress was getting wet with my cunt juices as I pressed against 
the vibrator. 

He put the vibe on the bed, 
and, with a little help, he removed my dress.  I stood in my bra and pants 
in front of him. "Lie on the bed and wank yourself through your knickers 
whilst I get undressed" he said. I lay down, and started stroking my cunt, 
with my legs wide open. "push your knickers in" he said I inserted one 
finger, pushing my knickers in with it. Terry was undressed by now and 
stroking his cock as he watched. It was about 8 inches long, very thick, 
and circumcised. He lay on the bed next to me and undid my bra. He started 
sucking my tits. The nipples were very hard and he bit them gently.  His 
hand strayed down to my cunt and moved mine away.  He pushed my panties 
aside and inserted 2 fingers, which he then moved around my cunt until the 
were well covered in my juices.  He took his fingers out and then licked 
them.  He repeated the process, but this time presented his fingers for me 
to lick.  I remembered my promise and sucked my own juices from his 
fingers.  I don't think I have ever been so turned on. 

Terry slid down the 
bed, and started to suck my cunt, pushing his tongue in, sucking and 
nibbling my clit, and tickling with his fingers. "Kneel up" he said.  I did 
so, expecting a doggy style fucking, but no!  Terry had lots more planned 
before I got his cock in my cunt. I felt his tongue on my cunt, and then it 
slid up to my arsehole, and back again.  He licked in great swipes from my 
cunt to my arse, and the concentrated on my arsehole, pushing his tongue in 
and tickling around it.  My kinky fantasies were coming true. His tongue 
then moved back to my cunt, and he started to finger my bumhole, which was 
wet with his spit.  I was hoping desperately that he would arse-fuck me.  I 
had often used the vibe on my arse, and had always wanted to be buggered.  
However, he had other plans for the moment. 

"Now its your turn" he said. I was more than willing to oblige, and as he 
lay down I turned over and looked at his cock.  It was lovely. I wanked it 
gently for a few moments, and then went down, running my tongue around the 
head, and tickling his balls.  He raised his knees, and I guessed that he 
wanted the same attention paying to his arse as he had given to mine. I was 
right "I want you to play with my arsehole" he said. "Turn over" I said, 
and he did.  He knelt up, and his hard cock hung down.  I started to tickle 
his bum cheeks, and then to lick them, gradually moving in towards his 
rack.  

Eventually, I reach his bumhole, and I started licking it, nd 
pushing my tongue in.  I heard him groan with pleasure, and I new he wasn't 
far from coming, so I pushed under his legs with my head, and resumed 
sucking his cock.  At the same time I fingered his bum.  Then I had an 
idea. I felt around for the vibrator, turned it on, and then 
unceremoniously shoved it up his arse. "Oh yes, you fucking sexy bitch" he 
cried, and I started fucking his arsehole with the vibe, as I sucked at his 
cock. After a very few seconds he came into my mouth, jetting his spunk 
down my throat. I removed the vibrator, and we lay back to recover.

"Now 
it's your turn to come" he said "Wait" I said "I need a pee"  "So do I" he 
said "I'll come with you" "No," I replied "no-one watches me at the toilet" 
"Don't be such a prude, and anyway, you said I could do anything" I backed 
down, pretending reluctance, but secretly the idea excited me - more kinks! 
We went to the bathroom and I sat on the loo "No" he said "I won't be able 
to see.  Stand up in the bath" "You are a filthy bastard, aren't you"  I 
said "Yes" he laughed, "and just wait until you see what I've still got in 
store" "Oh tell me" I said  "Later" he replied, and motioned to the bath.

I stood up, in the bath, with my legs open, and let fly. He knelt down, close 
to my cunt, and started fingering it.  My piss splashed everywhere, even on 
his face, but he didn't mind, and even opened his mouth.  When I'd finished 
he leaned forward and licked the drops of piss from my cunt hair.  I made 
to get out of the bath, but he pushed my back. "Lie down" he said "But it's 
all wet from my piss" I said "Do as you're told, bitch"  

This was a new 
turn, but not an unwelcome one.  A bit of domination! By now I would have 
done anything he asked me, I was so fucking turned on. I lay back in the 
bath, in my own warm piss, and he started to piss on me.  First he aimed at 
my cunt, and the my tits.  Some of his piss splashed on my face, and I 
turned away.   At this he deliberately aimed at my face, and as some went 
up my nose I was forced to open my mouth and swallow some.  It wasn't too 
bad, and I opened my mouth for him to piss his last drops into.  I hadn't 
noticed, but I was frigging my cunt at the same time.

I was moaning now "Oh, you fucking randy fucker, I need your cock in me. 
Fuck me please"  He helped me out of the bath, and dried me off, and then 
led me back to the bedroom.  His cock was hard again, and my cunt was wet.  
I lay down on the bed, and he lay on top of me, and slowly slid his cock in 
my cunt.  By now I had no self control left, and was screaming obscenities 
with every thrust. "OH FUCK ME YOU BASTARD, FUCK MY WET CUNT WITH YOUR 
FUCKING SEXY COCK"  

He shafted me for a few minutes, and then rolled of, 
and made me turn over,  kneeling up so that my cunt and arse were exposed, 
and he put his cock back in my cunt.. I reached out and picked up the 
vibrator, and handed it to him. "What's this for?"  He grinned "You know" I 
said "Well, tell me anyway" he said "I want you to frig my arsehole" I 
said, "while your hard cock is fucking my soaking cunt" So he did!  He 
turned the vibrator on and played it around my arse, and then pushed it 
slowly in my arsehole, and started fucking it in and out,  just like I 
did when I wanked with it. 

After a few minutes I decided I had to lose my 
anal virginity. "Please, fuck my arse" I said "Pardon?" he teased I yelled, 
"I WANT YOUR COCK UP MY ARSEHOLE" He pulled his cock out of my cunt, and 
the vibrator out of my arse, and then very slowly and gently, pushed the 
tip of his cock up my arsehole.  "Oh fuck me hard you bastard" I cried 
"Fuck my arsehole!" He started banging away, and then I felt the vibrator 
slipping into my cunt, and he pressed it against his cock through the thin 
membrane, making his cock vibrate in my bum.  This was too much for both of 
us, and we came almost together,  his spunk filling my arse, and dribbling 
down my legs.

Well, that was enough for that day, but Terry told me he was having a party 
in a couple of days, and asked me if I would go. He said that I was just 
the sort of person the other guests would like.  He made it clear that it 
would be an orgy!  I said, yes, I would make the trip.  I felt completely 
liberated, and I wanted to experience as much as possible while Bob was 
away.

**********************
** End * March 1991 **
**********************


** To all Sherwood Forest users
** Vicky and myself are building up a collection of text files which we will
** be distributing very soon.
**
** If anyone knows of any good sources for such text files, please let us
** know!  You will be credited for your finds!
**
** Thanks                                                                                                                     