THE BACKSEAT

A hazy image of the back seat of a car and the white glare of nylon panties
stretched across a humid pulsing pussy. Your fingertips stroke the damp cloth
as your tongue probes the hot, yawning mouth. Pulling the nylon aside with a
finger, you actually hear the squish of your finger sinking into the drooling
slot. She whimpers and thrust her hips against your hand. Rolling the tiny
button of flesh, your finger probes the slushy hot region, strange jerking
urges causing your thighs to tremble and your hips to jerk. You reach for the
waist band of the panties and she freezes against you. Her hand clamps around
your wrist and she pulls her gasping mouth from yours.

"Nooooo!"

The word is a low wail. Your balls ache and your mind can't focus. Both her
hands hold your wrist and she backs away from you, her white bra heaving in the
darkness.

Disappointment, hunger, anger, and then frustration. Urgent words of cajoling
and sincere promises. She shakes her head through it all still clutching your
wrist, her soft thighs clamped around your hand.

Begging doesn't prevail nor does threats. Exasperation joins your frustration.
As a last ditch effort, you unzip and unveil the swollen  body member that
pleads for gratification. As if mesmerized, she stares in the semi-light at
your pulsing cock. Absent mindedly she releases your wrist and strokes her
naked thighs. Her eyes are wide and she whispers a request. Too excited to
speak, you nod assent.

Her slender fingers reach out timidly, her fingernail glazing the underside and
you almost shoot off! She pauses, regroups and with new courage strokes the
dark head. Your whole body jerks with pleasure. She asks a question and you
squeak out an answer. She asks another and you gasp. The though makes your dick
jerk violently. It pleases her that she can cause it to react.

Both hands cup the passion swollen flesh then curl around it and squeeze
gently. White lights explode in your head and you can't even stifle the
whimper. She whispers something about its heat and leans closer to your cock.
Her fingers are moving slightly, rubbing and squeezing. A tremor runs through
your aching balls and you suddenly know that it is too late. With a gasp and a
thrust of your hips . . .