    
DISCUSSION TOPIC

    Last week on Friday I went to a party. The party was not your typical
kind. This party was given by a friend of ours who is starting a business
dealing with bondage fashions. He even started out with a bang. The host
was wearing a black leather outfit that had chains and spikes on it. The
unique part of this outfit was that it had a special compartment that
could bind a man's penis. One design was a rubber outfit that would bind
your entire body. I thought that outfit was one of the best. I bought it
for us. We also played games and in one of them I won some leather
underwear. He also had bondage equipment like whips, chains and hoods. It
was great fun attending this party and a great experience.

    1) If you ever attended a party like this, what would you purchase?

    2) Would you attend this sort of party?

    3) If you hosted this sort of party, what sort of games would you
play?

    

 
Response 1
 That party sounds like it was fantastic fun..would love to
attend that kind of event.  How do we purchase things from your friend? 
I'd love to have a complete body suit made out of rubber with a
compartment like you describe which would render the male genitals
helpless.   I'm  sure my Mistress would love to lock me up in it..  Is
your friend taking orders now? 

Response 2
Were you able to take your purchases at the party, or did the host have
to order them?  What if something had to be measured to fit, for example
the latex mummy suit you described?  If you got the suit already, give us
a first hand comparison to the same thing in spandex.  (I just got my JFP
spandex mummy suit.)




Reply
    Right now it was just a private showing. When he starts taking orders
    I will let everybody know! The party was a whole lot of fun.
    We played a game called" Humiliation" which was fun. What does your
    Mistress use to lock you up? If you hosted a party like this what
    type of games would you think of?

    Hugs,

    Dusty


Reply
    My friend  makes his outfits like JFP does. He will take your
    measurements for the items you order. I don't have the outfit yet
    but when I do I will let the members know. Would you ever go to
    a party like that? What do you think of your mummy suit?

   


  Sure, I would go to such a party, but I'd be apprehensive if I didn't
know either the host or someone else going.  Do you live in a large
metropolitan area, I can't imagine such a gathering in a small midwestern
community!  Are the prices at the party as outrageous as in the specialty
catalogs, or even higher?
  My spandex mummy suit is fun to say the least!  I have found spandex
bondage to be enjoyable because it's almost like a contradiction.  At
first you are very comfortable and hardly feel restrained, but as time
passes or your partner becomes more of a tease you realize that your
movement is indeed limited.  My wife doesn't like the looks of the outfit
when zipped up to include the hood part, so unless a solitary period of
restraint is utilized we're just not using that part.  The first time I
used the hood I was worried, what if I don't like this and we hadn't
worked out the escape signal, but it was ok.  I have to admit that I enjoy
seeing myself helpless and with the hood on that is taken away.
  You or Hans never answered how you were able to get into such a suit by
yourself, or did I misunderstand one of your comments?
response

John, Tell me about the mummy suit and where you got it.  The only thing
close that I know of are the Sport Europa exercise wear.  I have one of
the full suits for diving - saves you from abrasion and jellyfish bites.
Yours sounds much more restrictive and exciting. 
  Great!  Sounds like you are really into the good stuff now! I
think we may have started a discussion on subject back in early July; then
I traveled for a month and it was disconnected. Yes, I would (and have)
attend parties like that.  Big time in England at private party in night   
club.  Rubber or leather outfit was required for entry.  'Twas a wild
night.  I made the rubber outfit I wore after visiting a couple of shops
that afternoon. Have also done same at private affair at Plato's in NYC. 
'Made costume   for that too. I'm in the market for new things, would  like
your friends vitals if he'll take orders....and prices are reasonable.As
to the games: your imagination is the only limit; depends whether is just
social for purpose of seeing and being seen or whether serious games are
on the menu.  B&D is easy; boss puts slave thru their on ritual hoops;
better still swap and give someelse a chance with your slave.  If S&M is
IT, (like it was in England) teams can do their stuff or swap - just that
things get more serious.  With Xmas approaching I am reminded of a game I
read about: "Silent Knight, Holey Knight"  Definitely competitive and
HEAVY!  Cheers!  Jack














Fm: :: Dusty :: 
To: John 

Dear john,

    I actually live in a suburb of a big city. The prices are reasonable.
    I will let the members of this forum know how the outfits came out.
    I agree with you about the feeling that you get while being inside
    the mummy outfit. We enjoy the looks of the outfit we even took
    picture's of me wearing the outfit! Why were you worried about the
    hood?  You can get into the suit by yourself with practice. If you
    want to use ropes you do need help. Have you tried using ropes yet?
    The ropes make it hard to escape.

    Hugs,

    Dusty


Fm: :: Dusty :: 
To: Jack 

Dear Jack,

    Yes, We did have a discussion on this back in July! I'm fasnicated
    that you made your own outfit. Can you tell us about the outfit?
    We played a lot of games at the party. Some of the games were geared
    to draw attention to the outfits. The other games we played were
    suggested by the people that attended. I enjoy the humiliation a lot
    I really enjoy playing mind games. What is " Silent Knight,Holy Knight
    about? When my friend goes public I will let our members know!

    Hugs,

    Dusty


Fm: John 
To: :: Dusty :: 

Dusty,


  Please describe *how* you get into the mummy suit without help.  I can
only imagine somehow hooking the zipper tongue(?) to something high via a
string and hook, then pulling down after you put the suit on.  Hmm....... 
Sounds like we're in need of a tutorial here:  Simple Self Bondage-101 by
D&H!
  My concern about the hood part was simply a first time experience.  On
this forum it sounds like some people don't like hoods and I didn't know
if I had some unknown fear that would be brought out by the experience.  I
didn't: must be the clean living!


  Spandexly, John



Fm: Amon 
To: Jack 

Tell us about the party...


Fm: John 
To: Jack 

Jack,
  I found out about spandex outfits on this forum.  Spandex is the
material used in stretchy bathing suits and added to other material that
must stretch.  Dusty is the authority (I think) who knows about single
weave and double weave allowing stretch in one or two directions.  I
believe she has even made her own items, or at least altered some.
  About a year ago this forum got into (no pun) spandex and one supplier
was mentioned.  I got his brochures and subsequently ordered from him; he
is very fast, less than two weeks, and seems to do a good job at making
his stuff.  The more elaborate outfits, such as a complete unitard and the
mummy suit, are made to your custom dimensions and color.  I had the
unitard made without the hood, and asked for reinforced stitching on the
mummy suit (sometimes it gets exciting).  He is John Floyd Productions,
P.O. Box 691658, West Hollywood, CA  90069-1658. His products are targeted
to the "love bondage" market and do not include heavy S&M equipment.
  As to what the mummy suit is, it is exactly what you might picture.  It
encloses your entire body in spandex, with sleeves sewn into the sides
which prevent your arms from moving around. A zipper extends from mid-back
to the top of the hood section. Spandex is not heavy material, so
breathing is not an issue and you can almost see through it, or at least
make out shapes.  As far as stretch or feel goes, simply take a look at
women's bathing suits, stretchy, smooth, and slippery.
  Describe your outfits.  Good luck,  John


Fm: Jack 
To: :: Dusty :: 

Sounds like you had no trouble finding games enough to keep the party
moving right along.  One favorite of mind are the pony races with
mistresses competing against one another on the backs of their slaves. 
The 'riding habits' can get rather elaborate (and expensive) but everyone
gets their kicks.  (I hate myself for puns like that!) In your party, did
the whips get used.  Were the slaves both male and female? Re costumes I
made: one was a Roman toga made from a single bed sheet size piece of
power blue light weight rubber obtained in NYC.  All it took was a head
hole and some length trimming.  Half hung down in front the other half in
back.  Some of the trimming became the belt.  The laterial was wide enough
to fold over itself on both side and give the effect of a complete toga. 
Naturally the closure was only tight at the belt so there was plenty of
ventilation as you moved.  It was by far the most comfortable rubber I've
ever worn and it was a big hit at the party.  Nothing like it.  Depending
upon one's interest, it can be made even more exciting for the wearer by
adding some penis restraint toys, i.e. 7 gates of hell, cock ring or
harness. The costume in England was made from pajamas, hot, heavy PJ's
that took some serious modification to make wearable for an entire
evening. Tell me more about your games and the fashions.  Oh, just got a
rubber fashion catalog from Northworld Products, Box 257, Soldotna, AK
99669 (love that zip code!).  It cost $3.  The quality if not good, models
are obviously very amatuer.  Has anyone bought from them.  Prices are
fair, I'd say and the swatches of rubber are very light weight.  Cheers &
Hugs,  Jacck
















Fm: Jack 
To: John 

John, Thanks for the info.  I've sent for the catalog.  See my message to
Dusty regarding rubber clothing supplier I stumbled across.  Know
anything  about them?   Cheers!  Jack


Fm: Jack 
To: :: Dusty :: 

Dear Dusty,  Its not a hobby; just a response to 'necessity being the
mother of invention'.  I was caught short of time in both cases and had to
improvise.  I think the results were superior - and I had a lot more
satisfaction.  Regarding design of penis device into the toga: why would
one want to?  The restraints are novel and have a purpose of their own and
the custume may be removed in time, but the device would probably remain
if the enterprising mistresses I've know had a hand in it.  But you do
give me an interesting idea: why not put the device on after the rubber
costume is in place.  That would frame the issue nicely!  What a turn on
for everyone!  I liked 'pin the tail on the slave'.  'Nice way to stir
things up a bit in a congenial group.  Your group sounded rather reserved
(1st meeting perhaps) so I assume the tails were not really pinned on. 
Its not always that way I'm told.  Huggs and ouches,  Jack



Fm: :: Dusty :: 
To: Jack 

Dear Jack,

    I think your idea about putting the device on after the rubber
    costume is on is a good idea! I do agree it would be a great turn-on
    to everybody! The party had mostly our friends, I suppose nobody
    wanted to get into serious stuff. No, they didn't pin the tails on
    them. They sure did have a lot of fun trying though.

    Hugs,

    Dusty


