    -BEVERLY'S HOLODECK FANTASY- 
	   -A STAR TREK ADVENTURE-
		 By Ann Douglas


	"........All's quiet tonight, Doctor Crusher." said the voice 
of Lieutenant O'Rourke.  "In fact I  can't remember the last 
time I went through a whole  shift without someone reporting to 
sickbay for  something or other."
	"It must be your Irish luck, Morgan." Beverly answered the 
disembodied voice coming  from her com-badge.  "But if anything 
changes,  don't hesitate to call."
	"Don't worry Doctor,"  Morgan replied. "There's little short 
of a major disaster that we can't  handle by ourselves.  You've 
got us too well trained. Enjoy your night off. "
	"OK, Crusher out." She responded as she  tapped her com-badge 
to end the transmission.        
	"Damn,"  She said to her self as she leaned  back into the 
chair and closed her eyes.  "The crew  would have to pick this 
night to be extraordinary  healthy."
	Sleep was out of the question, just as it had  been for the 
last two nights.  Work was her only  chance to escape the 
dreams.   She almost wished  for the proverbial "disaster"  
that would give her  something to do.  
	As it had for the last few nights, her mind  turned to the 
holodeck programming packet locked  in her desk.  It would be 
so easy to remove it and  transfer it to the main  holodeck.  
In the six months  since she had created the packet, she had 
even tried  it.  If it had been such a mistake, then why had 
she  even created it.  Why didn't she simply just erase it?
	"I wish Deanna were here."  She said to  herself.  "I could 
use someone to talk to.  She would  pick now to attend that 
conference on Rigel."  
	Who else could she talk to?  Jean-Luc.....no  absolutely not.  
There was no one else she was really  close enough to talk to - 
at least not about this.
	Unlocking her desk, she withdrew the
computer programming module and held it in her  hand.  Even if 
someone else were to find it, it would  take the voice 
authorization of the CMO to access  the program.   Maybe she 
should run the program,  after all, wasn't that what the 
holodeck was for. Living out one's fantasies.
	"Computer,"  She said, again tapping her  com-badge.  
"Location of Cadet Wesley Crusher?"
	"Cadet Crusher is in main engineering..." said the artificial 
female voice.
	"Good, he'll be down there for hours." Beverly said to herself 
as she ran her fingers across  the module.  "Maybe it time I 
used this."
	It had been the return of her son, Welsey, on  leave from 
Starfleet Academy, that had triggered the  return of the 
dreams.  She had created the holodeck  fantasy soon after he 
had left for Earth.  Lacking the  nerve to actually use it, she 
had simply locked it  away.
	Wesley had changed a great deal in a short  span of time.  Her 
forbidden longings for her son  returned with a vengeance soon 
after he beamed  aboard.  Now at 17, Wesley was almost the 
image of her husband, Jack - dead all these many years.
	From her medical training, Beverly knew  other women had these 
fantasies.  In fact she knew  of a few cultures where having a 
son for a lover was  not out of the norm.  A son would take his 
father's  place in every way, including  in his mother's bed.
	Determined, Beverly placed the module in  the open slot on her 
console and activated the  computer.
	"Computer,"  She said, "Transfer holodeck  program Crusher 
Alpha One to Holodeck Four,  accessible only by voice 
authorization of the Chief  Medical Officer - code Alpha Five 
Two Five."
	"Completed....."  replied the voice of the  computer.
	A wide smile crossed Beverly's face as she  rose from her desk 
and headed for the door.  Now  that she had made the decision, 
she couldn't wait to  live out her fantasy. 


	Exiting the turbolift on deck five, Beverly  briskly walked 
down the corridor, acknowledging  the hello of a few crewmen 
with a polite nod.  She  didn't want to stop and get involved 
in a  conversation now.  In no time she stood at the doors  of 
Holodeck Four.  She took a deep breath, then  activated the 
Holodeck's imaging system.
	"Computer, run program Beverly Alpha
One."  She said.  "Lock out all external monitoring  and 
access.....Authorization  Crusher Nine Nine  Four."
	"Program engaged, all external monitoring  and access locked 
out."  Replied the Computer. "You may enter when ready."
	Straightening her shoulders, Beverly stepped  between the 
sliding door.......and into her own  sickbay.


	It always amazed her, the detail the
computer put into the holodeck images.  If she didn't  know 
better, she would swear she was actually in  sickbay.  Her 
program provided the location and  participants in her fantasy, 
but unlike a scripted play,  the computer controlled the 
sequence of events.  It  was more fun that way, more real.  The 
idea of not  knowing what would come next made it all the more  
exciting.
	From behind her, Beverly heard the sickbay  door open and felt 
a new presence in the room. Turning she faced the holodeck 
created image of her  son.
	"Wes, you're back early?" She said,
remembering the background information she had  programmed into 
the module.  "What happened to  your date with Ensign Carson?"
	"I canceled it." Wes replied as he walked  across the room.  
"I thought it would e more fun to  spend the evening with you."
	"Then I'd better get you onto one of the  diagnostic tables,"  
Beverly answered as she  motioned to the bed next to her.  "You 
must have a  fever if you'd pass up a date with a pretty ensign 
in  favor of spending a night with your old Mom.."
	"You're fall from old, Mom."  Wesley
laughed as he moved over and lifted himself atop the  bed 
beside Beverly.  "In fact I know a lot of  women  who wished 
they looked as good as you."
	Beverly laughed, starting to loose herself in  the fantasy.  
	"I though Deanna Troi was your idea, Wes." I know you've spent 
enough time dreaming about  her."
	"Deanna's fine, Mom, but she can't compare  with you."
	"You can't tell me that if you had the chance,  you'd pick me 
over Deanna?"  Beverly asked ,  feeling a warm tingle 
throughout her body as she felt  Wesley's eyes covering her 
body.
	"I can do more than tell you...."  Wesley said  as he leaned 
forward and kissed Beverly.
	She was taken aback for a moment as she  felt his lips press 
against her.  Her dreams now had  the reality of the holodeck - 
a reality that was all too  solid.
	"Wes....."  She exclaimed, a hesitation in her  voice."  "I'm 
your Mother."
	"You're also a woman...."  Wesley replied as  he dropped off 
the edge of the bed and stroked her  arms. "Can you tell me you 
don't want it as much as  I do?"
	"........No.......I can't....."    Beverly admitted,  giving 
in totally to the fantasy.
	With that, Wesley kissed her again, this time  harder. She 
felt his tongue against her lips and  opened to admit it.  
Strong young hands cupped her  breasts, rubbing the now erect 
nipples through the  blue material.  Beverly could feel his 
warm breath on  her neck as he kissed his way down to it.  Then 
he  reached behind her and undid the seam the held her  uniform 
together.
	As Wesley gripped a handful of material in  each hand, he 
suddenly ripped it forward, tearing  apart the top of Beverly's 
uniform.  Suddenly  released from the confines of the jumpsuit, 
her  breasts popped free.  Wes smiled in appreciation at  his 
Mother's breasts, for a woman her age they were  still in fine 
form.  Chalk up another one for Starfleet  physical training.
	The young Cadet quickly moved his mouth  to the closest 
breast, kissing the nipple.  His hand  closed around it and 
helped guide it into his mouth.  Beverly sighed as she felt 
Wesley's mouth closed  around her aureole and his teeth gently 
teased her  nipple.  She could feel the strength in his arms 
and  wanted to surrender to him totally.
	Still playing with the first breast, Wesley  moved his mouth 
to the second, repeating his  attentions to it's twin. He 
alternated between little  kisses and bites, just enough pain 
and pleasure to  send electric surges through Beverly's body.
	As her son suckled at her breasts, Beverly  reached down and 
paced her hand on the hard  mound between his legs.  Even 
covered by the  uniform  material she could feel the outline of 
his  hardness.  She hadn't seen her son naked since he  was a 
boy, having always let one of the other  doctors give him his 
physical.  But from the length  of the outline she traced with 
her fingers, there was  one more thing he had inherited from 
his father.     
	Smiling as his Mother cupped his balls,  Wesley stepped back 
and began to strip, giving the  Doctor time to rid herself of 
the rest of her uniform.  She left only the thin blue panties, 
wanting to give  Wes the pleasure of taking them off.
	Wesley on the other hand wasted no time in  ridding himself of 
all his clothing.  Standing naked  before her, he gently 
stroked his hard seven inches  as it pointed to the ceiling.  
Beverly was pleased that  her initial assessment had been 
correct.
	In a moment, Beverly was on her knees and  quickly took Wesley 
into her mouth.  As she felt his  hardness slide along her 
tongue, she savored the  maleness which assaulted her nostrils. 
 With quick  motions, she covered her son's cock with a 
slippery  coating of saliva, licking the sides as she ran her  
tongue up and down its length.  After a few minutes  she was 
rewarded with a drop of precious precum  which appeared on the 
tip.  Reaching out with the  edge of her tongue, she slowly 
licked it clean.  
	Still stroking his erect member with her  fingers, she turned 
her tongue to his balls.  As with  the rest of his body, they 
were almost hairless. Taking each globe in her mouth in turn, 
she sucked  them as if they were candy.  
	Then the Doctor continued between his legs  and moved her head 
up between the cheeks of his  ass.  Spreading the fleshy mounds 
with her hands,  she reached inward with her tongue and 
caressed his  anal entry.  She felt him jump with excitement as 
she  penetrated him with her tongue.  One hand reached  back in 
front as she continued to stroke his cock. Timing both her 
tongue's thrusts with the motions of  her hand, she sent a 
double spark across the boys  body.  
	Moving her free hand down to between her  own legs, Beverly 
found herself  incredibly wet. With no effort she slid two 
fingers within herself and  proceeded to masturbate.  Even so 
she never  skipped a beat as she continued to play with both 
his  cock and ass.      
	Wesley then reached down and picked
Beverly up off the floor, placing her on top of the  
examination table.  Spreading her legs, he quickly  replaced 
her fingers with his tongue.  A small layer  of girlcum already 
coated the red haired mound and  Wes quickly licked it clean.  
Beverly fingered her clit  as Wes continued to lick away at the 
center of her  sexuality, replacing the girljuice he had licked 
away  with a fresh coat. Beverly was lost in ecstacy as she  
watched her son, or at least a computer created  double go down 
on her.  Never in all those  forbidden dreams had she ever 
imagined it would  feel this good.
	"Oh God, Wesley!"  She cried out as his  tongue found a 
particularly sensitive spot.  "Lick  it.....Lick your Mother's 
pussy!"
	Ten minutes passed as he did just that. Wave  upon wave of 
girlcum erupted from Beverly,  covering Wesley's face.  Each 
new surge only drove  him harder, determined to induce another 
eruption.
	"I can't wait any more...."  Beverly yelled as  she held his 
head tight between her legs.  "I need  you inside 
me.......Now!"
	With that, Wesley stood up and flipped  Beverly onto her 
stomach across the diagnostic bed. Spreading her legs as wide 
as he could, his guided  his rock hard cock to the tunnel 
entrance he had  emerged from seventeen years before.  In one 
quick  motion he slid it inside, until his balls slapped 
against  Beverly's ass.  Heavily lubricated by the earlier  
streams of girljuice,  Beverly's tunnel offered no  resistance 
as he withdrew and then returned with  twice the force.  
	Wes took a firm grip on Beverly's pelvis and  repeated his 
withdrawal/reentry again and again.  Each time his thrust 
carried a little more strength,  each time it send another 
flush of heat throughout  his Mother's body.  As Beverly braced 
herself  against the bed, Wes reached around and played  with 
Beverly's clit, now that she was no longer able  to do so.  
Beverly wished she had instructed the  computer to give Wesley 
an inexhaustible stamina,  so that the pounding could go on for 
hours.  But  since she hadn't, she knew her neo-son had to be  
near climax.  
	She felt his body start to stiffen and she  quickly pulled her 
self from him and spun around. Before the first spurts of boy 
cum could shoot  forward, she was again on her knees and 
licking the  head of his cock.  As what seemed like pints of  
white boyjuice erupted from Wesley, Beverly caught  it all with 
her face and hungry tongue.  Finally the  torrid abated and 
only a drop remained at the tip of  his cock.  Reaching out 
with her tongue, Beverly  licked that away also.
	Sitting naked on the floor, her face still  covered with cum, 
Beverly was greatly satisfied.  It  had only been a computer 
simulation, but it was as  close to the real thing as she would 
ever have the  courage to try.  She gazed up at the now 
motionless  nude Wesley.  If she ever wanted to use this  
program again, and she was sure she would.  She  was going to 
have to see about giving the Wesley  hologram more personality. 
 But for now, a hot  shower seemed to be the first priority.
	"Computer......end program."  She called out  as she stood and 
wiped her face with the remnants  of her uniform.  
	Her fantasy sickbay faded to the nothingness  it had emerged 
from, to be replaced by the familiar  yellow and black grid 
pattern.  It was a few seconds  before Beverly realized she 
wasn't alone.  The  Wesley hologram was still there.
	"Wesley?"  She asked in a quiet confused  voice.
	"Er......Hi Mom." replied the naked cadet.      
	"Oh God, Wesley....."  Beverly gasped as she  realized that it 
had been Wesley all along.  "How  could you.....how did 
you....?"
	"It wasn't too hard,"  He began.  "Back when  Captain Picard 
had Geordie put those safety locks  on the holosystem so that 
only a senior officer could  authorize the use of a crewman's 
image, I helped  Geordie with the project.  I put a sub-routine 
into  the system that would notify me if anyone tried to  use 
my image.  I never imagined it would be you or  for this."
	"But all the security locks, my personal code. How did you get 
past them?"
	"Crusher Delta One Five......remember.  The  emergency 
override code you gave me in case of  disaster.  You never 
changed it after I left for the  Academy."
	"But why?" She finally asked.  "Why did you  do it?"
	Wesley smiled and reached out and took his  Mother's hand.
	"Because you're not the only Crusher with  this fantasy."  He 
said softly.  "Because I wanted  you as much as you wanted me."
	"Oh Wes...."  She said as she embraced him. "I love you so."
	"If you want, I'll punch up that program  before I go back to 
the Academy."  He said as he  returned the embrace. "It needs a 
lot of work."
	Beverly didn't answer, she just held his naked  body tightly 
against her own.
	"But first, how bout we head back to our  quarters and do a 
little more research, just so I know  exactly what to add onto 
the program."
	Beverly looked up at him and smiled.  Then  she pulled him 
close and kissed him.   
	"Well, when could I ever stand in the way of  your research?"  
She asked, a gleam in her eye.



END
