Archive-name: Bondage/bonmem.txt
Archive-author: Sir Stephen
Archive-title: Bondage Memories


      Randy was brunette, well built and an executive for an Eastern
Banking firm. We first met when she came into my offices and inquired
as to the design and specification of furniture for a new branch her
firm was, at that time planning on the West Coast. Altho we have
salespeople who are paid specificly for this purpose, something about
this striking woman in her tailored business suit immediately
attracted me to her.

      The result of this meeting was a relationship which lasted over
a period of over 3 years and only ended when she went back to New York
to assume a position other than the one which she had become used to
over those years, that of a submissive and willing partner to many
exciting and fulfilling Bondage experiences.

      Our first evening together set the tone for the rest of the time
we spent together over the following years. Randy was, and is a lady
with great fire and a wonderful sense of humor.  The interplay between
the two of us always began with a dare, a tease or a fantasy which
both of us wanted to realize in real life.

      At 7:00 P.M. we met at the Hilton in down town Los Angeles. She
met me at the door to her room wearing a tight mini skirt, and almost
transparent blouse. This was NOT the lady I had met earlier in the
tailored suit and hair tightly tied in a bun on her head. She was
beautiful, and INCREDIBLY sexy.

      Our conversation over a hastily arranged lunch the day before
had made me aware of her interest and fascination with B&D and all
that it represents, so I had with me a number of toys with which I
hoped to enliven the nights dinner plans. Out of a small bag I had
brought with me I produced two small vibrators about the size and
shape of a large egg.

      Randy willingly agreed to insert one of them in her vagina, and
one, in what was readily apparent due to the tightness of her skirt,
was an incredibly shapely and ample rear. This done we placed the
switches for them in the pockets of the skirt she wore, covered them
with a jacket, and proceeded to go to dinner in the restaurant at the
hotel, but not before agreeing that control of these devilish devices
would be TOTALLY mine.

      The waiter showed us to a table and Randy, rather unsteadily, (I
thought) made her way to it balanced on a pair of very high heels
which set off her legs and made her ass move in ways that somehow
distracted me from the idea of what we were going to have for dinner.

      Once we were seated in the booth I discretely reached over, and
without her realizing it flipped the switch on the eggs, this was the
first time Randy had experienced the sensation that is produced by
these small, but powerful little devices and the result was a shriek
that turned more than a few heads in the already crowded room.

      The rest of her dinner was spent in a constant state of
uncertainty, arousal, and embarrassment. The food was delicious, but I
doubt, somehow if Randy remembers it. Every time the waiter or busboy
came by she soon realized she would find these devices, hidden in her
most private parts vibrating madly and driving her nearer and nearer
to distraction. By the time we left for her room, walking which had
been difficult at best before, was now almost impossible.

                              CHAPTER II
                              ----------
      As we entered the room her cockiness returned, as she reminded
me of what we had discussed over lunch, her fascination with cowboys
and indians as a little girl, and how, "I have never been tied in a
way that I couldn't get out of".

      We playfully argued back and forth for about fifteen minutes and
at this point came to the agreement that Randy would "put up or shut
up". From my little bag of tricks I produced 250ft.  of rope that I
had brought along with me anticipating the opportunity which now
presented itself.

      With a little urging from me Randy soon was standing in the
middle of the room totally naked. She had a fantastic body.  Full
figured and with breasts and an ass as beautiful as I have ever had
the pleasure to see. Quickly I tied her wrists behind her. Then with a
length of rope passed under her arms, around her breasts and across
her back I drew her arms upward so that her wrists were now crossed
and fastened in the small of her back between her shoulder blades.
Firmly but gently I placed her at the foot of the bed and proceeded to
tie her legs at ankles, above and below the knees and around her
thighs.

      Since she still had both of the devilish vibrators I had earlier
inserted inside of her, I now took the time to turn them on full
power. Randy jumped about a foot in the air her eyes glazed over as
these invaders worked on her most intimate parts. For a final touch I
took a small length of rope and tied her big toes together so she
could not even move her feet.

      A soft cloth was placed across her eyes and now she was totally
helpless. All this acomplished, I told her what the bet was I proposed
to make with her.  "Honey, since you're so confident you can get free
of any Bondage, I am going to test you. I will place you in front of
the door to the room, you will have fifteen minutes to work yourself
loose. If you aren't free in that time I'm going to open the door and
put you out in the hallway".

      It took a second or two for the implications of what I had just
said to sink in and Randy started to scream at the top of her ample
lungs at me. Expecting this, as I was speaking to her I had picked up
her panties from the floor and rolled them into a ball.  As she opened
her mouth I forced them deeply inside and packed it completely. From
my bag I took a roll of four inch wide tape which is elastic and very
strong and covered the entire bottom half of her face with it. She
began to struggle wildly.

      Lifting her into my arms I carried her over to the door, placed
her on the floor and sat down to watch the show.  She fought with the
ropes with all her might and the sight of this beautiful woman
franticly kicking and rolling around on the floor at my feet was a
tremendous turn on.

      Not out of any kindness but because I was enjoying the struggle
more and more I left her there a full twenty minutes during which time
she paused in her struggles several times as the combination of fear,
excitement, and those two vibrators working their magic brought her to
shuddering climaxes.

      As she lay there exhausted, I walked over to her and checked her
bonds, not one rope had moved from its previous position. Removing her
blindfold and bending down close to her ear I whispered, "You lose".

--
