I knocked on the door with mixed feelings of excitement and fear.  I
heard footsteps approaching inside.  Jenny opened the door  and
greeted me like an old friend.  This was the first time I met her in
person although we chatted a lot via email and she certainly knew my
most secret thoughts.

She gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek, just like on old
girlfriend.

"You're right on time, just enough time to get you ready before Tom
gets home" she said.

I had met Jenny and Tom via email and eventually opened up to them.
They were a high-sexed, bi couple, into kinky adventures.
Jenny dominated Tom, who enjoyed serving her. Somehow, they guessed
about my secret desires and when confronted by their message, I
confessed.  Early on, I had revealed that I liked being dom'd and
humiliated.  I also told them that I often wondered what it would be
like to be a woman and have someone treat me like one.

So Jenny was going to help me prepare and Tom was going to "come on"
to me.  I was going to be "easy".  Making it more humiliating would be
that fact that Jenny would be watching me servicing her husband!

Jenny took me to their bedroom and told me to strip completely.  I
stripped to just my nylon bikini shorts. I already had a hardon.
Although it was obvious inside the tight shorts, I was hesitant to
take them off and have it pop out.

"Come on girl" Jenny said " there's nothing to be modest about among
us girls" she smiled as she reached over and pulled them down to my
knees.  "I think maybe we should start calling you Lorie".

"Here Lorie, put these on".  She handed me a pair of crotchless black
lace panties. They were quite skimpy.  I pulled them on and tried to
get my hard cock to stay inside, but it was a failure.  Next, she
produced a matching black bra.  She helped me put it on.

There was no way that I was really going to be able to look anything
like a girl, so we didn't try to get that look.  It was just to wear
a girl's clothes and be made to feel like one.  Besides being so
obvious would add to the submission and humiliation.

Next came low cut sheer white blouse.  The black bra was visible
through the blouse.  A short, tight red knit skirt was next. There was
an obvious bulge under the skirt that didn't go away as Jenny tried to
smooth the skirt.

"Now let's add some earings, Lorie" she said as she selected some
long, heavy dangling earings and clipped them on my earlobes.

"Ah, we are making progress, you're looking better all the time".

A pair of red high heels came next.  Although they were a large size,
they were tight and uncomfortable, but I guess that's normal.

"OKay, now some makeup, Lorie".  I sat down while Jenny applied bright
red lipstick to my lips.  "Tom loves to see a pair of bright red lips
wrapped around his cock.  And the red makes such a contrast with
strings of white cum!"  The reference to what was going to happen
caused a tingling inside the skirt.

Jenny added eyeliner and eye shadow.

"Okay, were are in pretty good shape" she declared "except you need
some protection."

I must have looked a bit mystified because she continued. "Whenever a
girl goes out in a situation where she might get laid, she should be
prepared.  This being your first time, you might be dry and tight, so
we will give you something to make sure your 'pussy' is ready.  Kneel
down and pull your panties down." I did as directed.  She lifted my
skirt up. I felt her push something into my asshole and then felt
something slippery enter inside me.  It was a tube of KY Jelly. She
was lubing my "pussy" in case Tom wanted to fuck me.

"Okay, that should be enough.  Try not to leak and stain your skirt."
she directed.

"Tom should be home any minute now.  Remember, you are to act and
think like a sexy woman who is looking to get laid."

Just then, we heard Tom come in from work.

Jenny introduced me to Tom.  He welcomed my with a hug and a kiss on
the cheek.  We sat down, me on the couch with Jenny next to me, Tom in
a chair opposite.  I immediately saw him looking at my legs and
realized that I wasn't keeping my knees together and he could probably
see up my skirt.  I pulled my knees together, and pulled the hem down
on my skirt.

Jenny got up to get some drinks and Tom came over to the couch to sit
next to me.

I noticed that my skirt had ridden up and three quarters of my leg was
showing.  It wasn't long before Tom put his hand on my thigh.

"You're very pretty, Lorie" he told me.  He put his arm around me and
pulled me toward him.  I wondered what Jenny would think if she saw
us.  Before I knew it, he was kissing me.  Kissing my red lips.  At
first, I pulled back, very much put off by having a man kiss me.  But
then I remembered my role and tried to imagine that I was a girl being
kissed.  I relaxed and soon his tongue was probing my mouth.  I kept
thinking of how I would feel as a woman and I began to respond to him.
My hand was on his thigh, creeping upward.  His hand slide onto my
chest, squeezing my nipple through the blouse and bra.  I liked that.
Before I knew it, my hand encountered his cock.  I thought how it
would feel to a woman, imagined that I was a woman making him hard.

His hand was inside the blouse, inside the bra, feeling my naked
breast, teasing my nipple.  My hand was pulling down his zipper,
reaching inside and bringing his dick out.  We were still kissing.

"I want to see those soft red lips wrapped around my cock" I heard him
wisper.

"No, please" I weakly protested.  I felt him pressing my head toward
his crotch.  I felt myself yield.  I kissed the tip of his dick and
then opened my red lips, sliding down on his cock.

I realized that Jenny was back and was standing there watching my go
down on her husband, who had just let out a moan.

Tom was pushing my head down further.  I undid his belt and slid his
pants down as he lifted off the couch.  I unbuttoned his shirt as he
kicked off the pants.  Soon, he was laying naked on the couch and I
knelt on the floor, going down on him.  His hands pushed my head down
until I felt the head of his dick sticking in my throat.  I sucked on
him and slide my mouth up and down along his shaft.  I licked the
little hole at the end of his dick.  I licked his balls and softly
sucked on them.

He told me to straddle him in 69 fashion.  I climbed up on him and
felt his hands slide up my legs until they encountered my own swollen
cock and balls.  It was only a brief touch.  He played with the area
just behind my balls like it was a clit, treating me like a woman.

It wasn't long before his cock erupted in my mouth.  I  pulled back
after the first surge and his second surge landed on my face.  I felt
his cum on my nose and on my red lips.  Just as I wondered what I
looked like, a camera flash went off.  Jenny was recording this for me
to see later.

"Get under me" Tom directed.  I changed places.  He was still hard. he
pulled the panties off. He spread my legs and put them over his
shoulders.  My 'pussy' was wide open for him and I felt his cock enter
inside me and beging to pump.  I was thankful for Jenny preparing my
for this, his cock entered easily.  As he pumped in and out of me, I
squeezed his cock with my muscles.  I felt him swell inside me.  It
wasn't long before I could tell he was approaching another climax.  He
pumped harder as he approached his pinicle. My own cock was very stiff
and pointing upward.  As he thrust inward, he pressed against my
balls. A few heavy, deep thrusts and I felt him cum deep inside me.

Slowly he withdrew, exhaused.  I looked up to see that Jenny was nude
and playing with her tits and pussy.  Seeing my hard, untouched cock
pointing skyward, she came over and sat on me, sliding my cock inside
her.  My cock immediately convulsed and exploded inside her pussy and
she came at the same time.
