
                              BLKSTUD1.TXT -- 1/2

                                   Black Stud
                                   Chapter 1
        
      Candy awoke and found herself in a strange bed, in a room she did not
recognize. She had a dull throbbing in her head which made it difficult to
recall how she had gotten here. All she could remember was that she had been
sitting on a bar stool with her girl friend and then felt dizzy after dancing
with a huge Black man who had held her body very closely and massaged his large
erect cock between her thighs as he dry fucked her.

      Candy thought that she felt something prick her arm as he stroked his
Black prick against her spectacular body, but quickly forgot about it. She had
gone to the bar with her girl friends on a Friday night to relax after a
difficult week at the office. She was dressed then in a gray business suit with
a sheer white blouse, dark pantyhose and 5" high stiletto spiked heels which
highlighted her astounding figure completely. The skirt fit snugly over her
sensuous flat stomach and rounded tight ass and stopped just short of her
shapely knees. Her firm breasts strained against the virginal white, size 36D
demi cup lace bra which tried to confine them and strained lustily against her
sheer blouse.

      Candy was 5" 10" and a 24 year old White virgin with a voluptuous figure,
thighs, legs and long blond hair who was so desirable that every male she met
tried to bed down immediately to fuck and completely possess her. Her girl
friends often teased her about her modesty and virginal status and that her
voluptuous body had not yet sampled the ecstasy that a male lover could provide
as her soft wet cunt tasted the virile nectar of a handsome man's cock. Candy
was very fearful of being caught in an accidental pregnancy if she fooled
around out of wedlock and so planned to avoid all sexual liaisons until she was
married. Her girl friends tried to assure her that she could be completely
protected from an distasteful pregnancy if she went on the birth control pill
and so could enjoy safe sex often with a variety of virile male lovers. Of
course, in the unlikely event of an accidental conception, there was always the
final birth control option of secretly terminating any surprise pregnancy
quietly at an abortion clinic before anyone else could tell that she had been
knocked up. Candy had been more tempted lately than ever to go on the birth
control pill and let loose sexually, but still held on to her virginal status.

      Candy looked at her surroundings and realized that she did not recognize
the bedroom she was in. Then the door opened and 2 beautiful young Black women
entered. They were dressed in skin tight silk, micro mini dresses which showed
off their fabulous figures, wanton thighs and breath taking legs perfectly.
They each wore ultra sheer, black, silk stockings, lacy black garter belts,
quarter cup bras which gently uplifted and separated their firm tits, teeny
black, silk G string panties and 5" high, steel-tipped, stiletto-heeled shoes
which accentuated their superb figures.

      These women told her that they were elite members of Black Stud's harem
and that she had been drugged and kidnaped to Central Africa as the constant
flow of new White female additions. Candy's sole purpose from now on would be
to satisfy Black Stud's every sexual desire whenever and however he pleased. If
she completely satisfied his voracious sexual appetite, she might be fitted
first with a birth control diaphragm and later could be put on the
contraceptive pill for a few months so that he could fuck her at will, even
during her most fertile time of the month, without impregnating her with his
potent Black sperm as he broke her into her new way of life as a female sex
slave.
 
       But when he tired of her in a few months or sooner, if she didn't
cooperative fully, all contraceptive protection would be abruptly removed and
Black Stud would fuck her until he was certain that he had impregnated her with
his potent Black sperm. Then she would be denied an abortion and forced to
carry the Black fetus to full maturity within her once dynamic body. The Black
fertilized ovum would be allowed to attach itself to the wall off her womb.
Nothing would then be done to stop its unremitting attack on her astounding
figure so the marauding tentacles of her unwanted pregnancy would relentlessly
penetrate throughout her vulnerable body until she completely succumbed to its
overpowering control and fell totally within its ravaging grip. As her once
sensuous stomach bloated horribly and her once firm tits drooped grotesquely,
her sensational figure would be totally devastated and the world would know her
dreadful secret that she had been raped repeatedly by Black stud and
deliberately impregnated by him. Then she would be forced to endure the daily
morning sickness and near agony of a long term pregnancy until she delivered
his Black baby from her lily White body.

       If that wasn't bad enough, she also learned that she would be knocked up
by Black stud every year thereafter, like a wild female animal in heat, for the
next 11 years and endure 11 nine month long, seemingly interminable pregnancies
until she had delivered a total of 12 healthy jet Black babies that he had
fathered.

      Candy knew that her astounding figure would be ruined by all these
pregnancies.  Her once firm tits would drag terribly, her erotic ass would be
dragging and her once sensuous flat stomach would be forever distorted, and her
lush thighs and legs would be ruined. Her life would be destroyed and she would
have nothing to live for.

      She cringed at the horrid thought of having to endure a life as a sexual
pawn and a Black baby producer. She realized suddenly in horror that her next
12 years would be a period of nearly continuous pregnancy!

      Black Stud felt that Allah had told him to impregnate as many lily White
caucasian, yellow skinned oriental, red skinned indian and olive skinned
hispanic women as possible during the next 12 years to avenge the many abuses
that men from these races had forced innocent Black women to endure over the
centuries.

      He was to father 1000 children by the end of that time. Black Stud knew
that he had to fertilize at least 2 vulnerable women per week to obey Allah's
orders so fucked at least 5 vulnerable fertile young women every weekday to
maintain the required pace. He would usually fuck 1 woman in the morning, 2 in
the afternoon and 2 in the evening. Most fucks were into unprotected cunts at
the most fertile time of the month for each female with the goal of achieving
the highest possible probability of deliberate impregnation.  He did also have
time for a few favorite Black women who were on the contraceptive pill that he
thoroughly screwed, just for the sexual joy of it, on the weekends. It was a
grueling schedule but he loved it. He had already fathered 200 Black infants,
all born of a wide variety of female captives, and there were an additional 80
women in various stages of pregnancy, ranging from early to advanced, that he
had successfully impregnated during the last few months. Several of his
earliest White female captives were already into the early stages of their
second pregnancy!

      Black stud was maintaining the required pace of impregnating captive,
helpless women to achieve Allah's goal and loving every minute of it. His
agents were established in every major city of the Western World selecting and
kidnapping unsuspecting fertile, young candidates to join his harem and to
staff his baby factory. They were busy every day keeping the pipeline full of
women for him to fuck and impregnate.

       If for some reason Candy could not conceive, then she would become a
prostitute at a brothel owned by Black Stud's brother where she would sell
sexual favors to wandering Black tribesmen until she caught one or more of the
many deadly communicable diseases which many of them carried. Then she would be
sold off to work as a slave until she died at an early age of the communicable
disease.

      So, she had three choices - to please Black Stud's sexual desires so
avidly that she could temporarily delay the beginning of a series of inevitable
impregnation; to resist Black Stud and then immediately become impregnated by
his Black sperm during her next fertile period; or become a barren prostitute.

      There was no chance of escape or being rescued so she had better accept
her fate. Candy protested tearfully that she was a virgin and wanted to be
released. The two Black women laughed at her in disbelief that any attractive
woman her age could still be a virgin and then sternly cautioned that it was in
her best interest to cooperate fully or suffer the severe consequences.

      As they undressed her for her first sexual rendezvous with Black Stud
they told her that he especially loved to fuck virgin White soft wet cunt but
tired of them soon unless they pleased him greatly, and then would impregnate
them. Black Stud especially loved his captives to wear sexy virgin White
lingerie until he had definitely knocked them up and having his cock sucked
before a good fuck.

      Candy was given a bath in perfumed waters, her soft wet cunt was douched
and her voluptuous body were covered with exotic oils. They fixed her hair and
made up her face with heavy makeup and lipstick. Black Stud liked to have his
massive Black cock sucked by a woman with heavy lipstick on her mouth so that
she would leave red smudges on it.

       The doctor was then called in to check her pussy and to ready Candy for
Black Stud. The doctor first verified that Candy was not using the
contraceptive pill, was free of an existing pregnancy and was not suffering
from any communicable disease. Then he checked inside her cunt and was shocked
to find that she was still a virgin. He took a pair of surgical scissors from
his bag and cut away her hymen which was obstructing complete access to her
womb so that Black Stud could fuck her easily without encountering that
barrier. Then he measured her cervix and fitted a thin rubber birth control
diaphragm over it to prevent her from becoming impregnated with Black Stud's
sperm when he fucked her later that evening. Candy tried to struggle as he
worked on her pussy but the two Black women held her still and forced her
erotic thighs wide open. When the doctor left, the 2 Black women used a
fragrant vaginal spray on her pussy and talked to each other about how
voluptuous Candy's body was and how much Black Stud would enjoy fondling her
body and then screwing her virgin cunt.  They wondered excitedly whether he
would use contraceptive protection when he learned that he would be fucking
White, virgin cunt tonight.

       They then dressed her in a lacy quarter cup white bra which gently
uplifted and separated her 36D full tits but left the nipples bare to be
fondled and sucked by an aggressive lover. A white garter belt was then
securely tightly about her flaring hips and ultra sheer white silk stockings
with lace tops were rolled up her legs, encasing her shapely thighs, and then
hooked securely to the sterling silver clasps at the end of the garter straps.
They slipped a tiny pair of white, silk G string panties up over her
spectacualr legs and shapely thighs until they cupped her soft wet cunt and
left her ass cheeks exposed to be fondled or spanked as Black Stud wished. As a
final touch they added a pair of 5" high, stiletto-heeled shoes which
accentuated her shapely legs perfectly while thrusting her cunt forward
erotically and forced her to walk sexually, like a hooker. Finally they added a
sheer white lace negligee which enhanced her virginal allure but hid nothing to
hid her sensational figure.

      The door opened and Black Stud walked in. He was a huge, muscular Black
man standing 6' 6 and weighing 250 lbs. He removed a robe to show his nude body
underneath.  Candy gasped when she saw his muscular chest and the huge jet
Black prick and balls which hung between his legs. She panicked that he would
split her pussy if he tried to fuck her with it.

      She was repelled with the prospect of sucking on the Black cock. The
Black women told him that they had prepared Candy for him and that she was
still a virgin. Black Stud smiled broadly at the prospect at fucking and
knocking up a a virginal White woman and lifted Candy off the bed and gave her
a long soul kiss. Candy squirmed to break the kiss without success.

      Black Stud set her down and quickly removed her negligee and began to
fondle her bra encased full tits and exposed nipples while kissing and biting
her neck and shoulders with his Black lips and tongue. Candy begged to be
released and tried to escape but Black Stud ignored her. As Candy struggled,
Black Stud deftly unsnapped her bra strap, slipped it off and fondled her round
breasts with his huge hands. Black Stud moved lower and began to kiss and suck
her nipples while ignoring her screams for help. Black Stud's hands then moved
down to her viginal White, silk G string panties and dipped inside to fondle
her soft wet cunt lips as he proceeded to seduce her rapidly.

      He was keenly aware that there was another White sexpot waiting in the
next bedroom to be fucked and impregnated before the night was over.

      As Candy continued to beg to be released, Black Stud instructed the Black
women to tie her hands behind her back and use a ball gag to silence her. They
quickly did as they were told and subdued Candy.

      As he continued to suck on the pointed nipple of her right tit while
fondling her pussy lips he reached into a case under the bed and produced two
metal nipple clamps. Candy stared at them in horror as Black Stud opened one
and clamped the cold metal onto the swollen nipple of her right breast that he
had been suckling, as her penalty for resisting him. Then he cruelly tightened
the clamp around the nipple until Candy cried in pain, whimpered through the
ball gag and looked pleadingly at him begging for mercy. Black Stud then began
to suck her left breast and then attached a clamp to her left nipple after it
had become swollen and enlarged and tightened it securely.

      Black Stud lifted her voluptuous body and threw her onto the bed on her
back completely helpless to resist his further advances. He deftly slipped her
seductive G string panties off and moved his mouth down over her stomach to her
soft wet cunt. Candy tried to resist by kicking at Black Stud with her legs to
prevent him from licking and sucking her virgin soft wet cunt but the Black
women moved to hold her down.

      He had the Black women remove her ball gag and shifted his body over her
so that he was sitting over her face with his monstrous Black prick by her
mouth. He instructed her to open her lips to suck his cock.  When she refused
to cooperate he held her face immobile and closed off her nose so that she was
forced to open her mouth for air. Black Stud immediately pushed the head of his
jet Black cock between her lips and instructed her to start sucking. Candy
nearly threw up but started sucking and licking his gigantic cock out of fear
for her life. Suddenly she tried to bite down on his cock with her teeth in
terror and he pulled it from her lips and slapped her face several times.

      At this time Black Stud lost his patience with Candy and told the Black
women to reinsert the ball gag and summon the doctor to remove the
contraceptive protection so that he would immediately begin his plan to
intentionally impregnate Candy with his scalding Black sperm.

      He generally liked to screw virgin White woman for several months to
completely break their spirit before knocking them up, but felt that this one
would only be suitable to bear Black babies for him immediately or be sold into
prostitution.

      As the doctor removed the diaphragm from her cervix Candy worried that
she was in the most fertile part of her cycle so Black Stud might now knock her
up immediately with his Black sperm when he fucked her.

      Black Stud roughly turned Candy over on her stomach and the women tied
her in place and raised her firm ass so that he had complete access to her
pussy and asshole. He first produced a large paddle and began to swat her
rounded ass for daring to bite his cock. She sobbed quietly into the ball gag.
Then he produced a 10" Black, vibrating dildo which he lubricated and stuffed
up her ass hole deeply into her tender bowels.

      Candy felt great pain but was unable to make any protest through the ball
gag. Black Stud then turned on the vibrator and made it seem even larger as it
pulsated wildly in her ass hole. Black Stud was now ready to fuck Candy's
unprotected cun from behind with his 12" huge, erect Black cock, as though she
were a female animal in heat. He would ram his huge jet Black prick into her
like a male stud animal fucking a female animal in heat, deliberately
impregnating her.

                               (TO BE CONTINUED)

