     Lizzie then appeared and gave Amanda yet another shot.  This time it
was evidently one to calm her down, because moments after the shot had been
administered, Amanda grew quiet and was soon sleeping, still lying
spreadeagled on the old car seat, completely naked, the cum still leaking
from her holes. 
     Soon, the room was empty once again, except for Amanda and me.  I
wondered just how long they would continue to use Amanda and what would
happen when they finally tired of us.  I was sore from being tied in the
same position for so long and needed desperately to be freed from my bonds. 
I was hungry and dehydrated.  The constant exposure to Amanda's extreme
treatment had been extremely painful for me.  Yet, on several occasions, I
had ejaculated with no physical stimulation at all and my pants were soaked
from my own cum, as well as piss.  Exhausted, I still couldn't sleep.

     Amanda awoke sooner than they expected her to, because we were still
alone.  When she opened her eyes and stared at me, I realized that she
could now untie me and we had a chance to escape.  Unfortunately, the drugs
they had given her had not worn off yet, and she was still unable to think
about anything except cocks and cunts.
     Also, my mouth was still taped and Amanda looked like she needed more
help than I could give her to rejoin the land of the living.
     Amanda looked at me through glazed eyes as she sat up and spread her
legs open in front of me began to rub her clit once again.  "I need a cock,
Michael!  God, I need a cock so bad!"
     When she began crawling to me, I thought perhaps our plight had
finally gotten through to her; but, instead of unlocking me, she began
unzipping my pants and taking my cock from them.  Her mouth immediately
covered my dick and she began sucking on me earnestly, completely oblivious
to anything else.  She craved it more than any addict craves his fix and
there was nothing I could do to make her stop and get me free.
     The feel of her velvet mouth on my organ was making me forget our
opportunity to escape, too, and I resigned myself to the fact of her drug
induced hunger and simply let my body take over.  Amanda's right hand was
between her legs, rubbing her stiffening clit as her head bobbed up and
down in my lap.  She ate my dick as if she were starving for it, and it was
a marvelous feeling.  I grew hard quickly and felt that I might spill my
cum into her at any moment as her mouth continued to work up and down my
shaft.
     Amanda's obviously hungry pussy was not to be denied, however, and she
stopped sucking on my cock, stood up and, turning around, lowered her hot
ass down into my lap, impaling herself on my rigid member.  She began to
grind her hips hotly against me, taking every inch of my throbbing cock
deep in her cunt.  I could feel the walls of her cunt squeezing my dick,
milking it, pulling it, making it feel everything it was capable of
feeling.  She was quite a fuck - probably the best fuck I had ever had. 
Some of it was due to my inability to move, I'm sure.  And some of it was 
due to the constant performance over the last 30-some hours.  But, above
all, my wife was also fucking me as she had never fucked me before, and
there was a hunger and desperation to her pumping and grinding hips that I
had never experienced before.
     I came violently inside her.  She seemed completely unaware that I was
cumming and continued working her ass as if she might go on this way
forever.  My hips strained upward against the chain that held me down as
the hot cum poured from my balls and out the end of my shaft.  When I
finally began to come down from my orgasm and felt my cock begin to soften
somewhat, I expected her to stop, but she continued fucking me, as if she
would not allow my member to wither and die within her.
     Amazingly, she was successful.  Before I could soften so much that she
could no longer fuck me, her massaging cunt walls had milked me back to
hardness again and I felt myself growing rigid inside her once more.  She
was swinging her head back and forth now, her hands on her knees, writhing
in passion as she ground her cunt up and down on my cock.  Her grunts and
moans were those of a woman lost in an orgasm, and I wondered if she were
climaxing continuously in her drug induced state.  I also wondered if she
had any idea who she was fucking, or if she even remotely cared.  I didn't
think so.
     The door opened to the garage and Lizzie walked in, clad only in a
pair of tiny black bikini panties.  She seemed surprised to see Amanda free
of her bonds and a bit amused to see her fucking away at me.  
     "How sweet.  Mister and Missus Teacher, fooling around a little.  How
do you like what our special little brew of `Ecstasy' does for your wife? 
When I was 14 and joined the club, they pumped that stuff into me for days
and I think I fucked every biker in the state!  And, it still wasn't
enough!"
     When she walked close enough to Amanda, Amanda reached out for her
body and pulled it to her as she continued grinding her hips into my lap. 
Her mouth covered Lizzie's left tit as she sucked the pretty young girl's
nipple into her mouth and played with it with her tongue.  Her right hand
flew to her crotch and shoved her panties up inside, roughly, as she
quickly inserted two fingers into her hole.  
     Lizzie giggled, but quickly responded to Amanda's attentions and held
my wife's head in her hands, pulling her mouth tighter to her chest as she
let her hips move in circles in response to Amanda's fingers which were
stretching and twisting inside her fuckhole.  Occasionally, Amanda would
remove her mouth from Lizzie's breast and slide her wet fingers from her
hole and place them in her mouth, hungrily sucking on the juice that
covered them, then she would plunge them back into Lizzie's cunt and begin
sucking on the other breast.
     "You've had enough of that cock, you dirty old whore you!" yelled
Lizzie, and she pulled Amanda off of me roughly and pushed her to the floor 
in front of me.  
     Taking an oil filler spout from the workbench behind me, Lizzie tossed
it to Amanda.  "Go fuck yourself with that, you crazy bitch, if you still
need fucking.  I want some cock for myself!"  
     She stripped the tiny panties from her bottom and sat in my lap,
working my cock up into herself as she lowered her body onto mine.  I
almost collapsed in terror at the thought of Bronk walking back in and
seeing us like this!
     Off in her own world, Amanda still needed fucking, and she took the
oil filler spout and began inserting it into her cunt, lying in front of
Lizzie with her legs open wide.  She now enjoyed masturbating while others
watched, and she was still so hot that she would fuck anything or anyone,
especially as long as Lizzie was staring at her so lewdly.
     It made Lizzie especially hot to watch my pretty wife fucking herself 
in front of her, and she fucked herself wildly on my dick as she watched
her.  Her hands were at her breasts playing and pulling at her nipples as
her cunt grew wetter and wetter and fuller and fuller of dick.
     Some of the others came wandering in as Lizzie continued to fuck me,
and began to stand around Amanda, laughing and cheering her on as she
worked the metal oil spout in and out of her cunt, her eyes glued on the
now trembling girl who fucked up and down in my lap.  The oil spout grew
thicker and wider as you looked at it from the end, and Amanda now had the
total length of the spout inserted in her hole and was lewdly grinding her
hips up against it as she held it tightly in both hands.
     "She's fucking a goddamn oil spout!" one of the women laughed.
     "Look at the hot little slut go!" another yelled.  
     They were beginning to rub their own pussies and the men were
beginning to take their cocks out of their pants as they watched the pretty
brunette working on her cunt with the fake cock.
     "Hell, she'll fuck anything!  Give her a hammer!" yelled out one of
the men.
     Another man took a hammer from the workbench behind him and tearing
the oil spout from Amanda's tight grip, replaced it with the big hammer. 
She quickly shoved the handle of the big ball peen hammer up into her cunt
and continued fucking herself wildly in front of the cheering crowd. 
Before long, she had most of the hammer handle inserted in her hole and was
grinding her hips crazily as she performed for her audience.
     One of the men knelt by Amanda's head and began jerking off, his cock
just inches from her mouth.  Amanda tried valiantly to raise her head and
take the head of his member into her mouth, but he teased her, pulling it
away as his hand continued stroking it wildly.  Suddenly he tensed and
began shooting huge white gobs of cum into her face and hair.  
     Another man knelt on the other side of her and began imitating the
first, pumping away at his cock and soon spraying her face with his own
load of hot white cum.
     When they were done, every man in the room had shot a load of hot fuck
juice into Amanda's face and they had replaced the hammer in her cunt with
practically every tool in the garage as they watched her plunge them all
hotly into her holes, fucking herself with anything they would allow her to
use.
     When Amanda finally grew too weak to continue fucking herself, she
passed out and yet they continued plunging things into her cunt and rubbed
their wet pussies onto her face, masturbating against it until they had cum
and then making room for the next.
     When I shot my second load of cum, this time into Lizzie's cunt, I
fell back weakly against the old bus seat.  Lizzie was still hot and took
the men who had shot their cum into Amanda's face to the center of the big
room and let them all fuck her in the ass and cunt and mouth.  Soon, the
garage was filled with people drinking and smoking and fucking and sucking. 
As I watched, Lizzie must have been gang-banged by no less than 20 men, and
was still going strong before I grew too tired to watch.
     Finally, we were left alone once more as the group tired and the party
wound down, around dawn and they wandered off to who knew where.  Before
she left, Lizzie gave Amanda yet another shot and gave me one as well.  The
shot left me nearly senseless and the only thing I remember happening prior
to my passing out was watching an extremely large black man with an equally
large cock screw a very willing Amanda in all her holes before pissing on
her face and leaving her lying in the concrete floor.  Bronk was filming it
all.
     I lost all sense of time as I drifted in and out of consciousness.  I
did know that Amanda was no longer in the garage with me, and I think I
spent the rest of the time alone.  I don't remember if I was fed or given
anything to drink, or even if I was doped up again.

     The next time I awoke, I found myself in the front seat of our car
with Amanda beside me.  The car clock said it was just after 3a.m., but I
had no idea what day.
     We were both naked and the car was parked on a dirt road.  Amanda was
still unconscious, but I saw that there was something on her left breast. 
When I focused and looked, I saw that it was a new and very sore looking
tatoo.  Beautifully scripted in red and blue and yellow were the words
"Prime Slut."
     As I dressed Amanda in the filthy rags and denim jacket they had left
in the car, I saw the second tatoo.  It was on the left cheek of my wife's
ass and in block letters said "this ass well fucked by the RAMROD M.C."
I looked around quickly to see if we were alone and when I realized we were
now free I started the car and drove us home, quickly.
     At home, I managed to help Amanda into the bedroom, and I collapsed
beside her on the bed.  Thirst and hunger awakened me, but Amanda slept on.
When she finally did awaken, she cried for hours.  She remembered a lot,
and I filled in what I could.  She said that after I was drugged, they
reduced her dose and she remembered becoming the "property" of the club
president for the rest of the time.  They had held us captive from Friday
afternoon until Thursday morning.
     Amanda was sore all over, but healed quickly.  We talked about it and
about trying to forget about it, but I knew I could never forget.  We knew
where the garage was, but agreed that we couldn't go to the police because
of the video Bronk shot of Amanda.  It would ruin our careers at the
school, where guilt or innocence wasn't the issue, but the image of
propriety was.  
     We had great difficulty talking, when we were together.  Vacation was
tense and we didn't enjoy it at all.  We tried to resume our daily
routines, but Amanda was tense and restless and irritable.  Maybe I was,
too.  I found that Bourbon relaxed me.
     Finally, in the Fall, Amanda stayed home from school one day and she
was gone when I got home.  The following weekend, she showed up sitting
behind Otto, on the back of a Harley, dressed like a real biker slut.  She
quickly packed a small bag, got back on the bike, wrapped her arms around
the huge, filthy biker and that was the last I ever saw or heard of her.

     And, what of Lizzie?  Well, soon after the weekend they kidnapped us,
she moved back with her Mommy and Daddy, cleaned herself up, became
`Elizabeth,' again, went to an Ivy league college and married a Med
student.  She wore white at a big church wedding last Saturday.  I was
invited and went to the church, just to see it with my own two eyes.  She
was beautiful and looked like she had never had a sexy thought in her life.
