+---------------------------------------------------------------+
|                    *** DISCLAIMER ***                         |
|                                                               |
| This is a story of pure fiction.  Any resemblance to persons  |
| living or dead, incidents real or imagined, places real or    |
| imagined, is purely coincidental.                             |
|                                                               |
|         IF YOU ARE UNDER 18, DO NOT READ FURTHER.             |
|                                                               |
| No part of this story may be reproduced on any media of any   |
| kind without the written permission of the author.            |
|                                                               |
+---------------------------------------------------------------+


                             - 8 -


   Hours.  Maybe only minutes.  I couldn't tell.  I lay on the bed in
Peter's room and listened.  I tried to focus all of my attention down
the hall, past the door, and into the large bedroom.  The one with
Steven and Peter.  And Zoe.  But the harder I tried, the more I became
aware of all the other house sounds.  The furnace, cycling on and off.
The air rushing through the heating ducts.  The clock's chime from
somewhere.  I had yet to actually see this clock.  An occasional hiss
as a car passed by outside.  The floor as it creaked under my bed each
time I changed positions.  And I changed positions often.  I didn't
enjoy sleeping in my underpants.  They were too tight for comfort in
bed.  As I thought about it, I laughed out loud.  Everyone else in
this family here was naked right now and I was worried about my
underpants.

   I decided to make a foray into the hallway and try to see if she
was all right.  I swung off the bed.  It creaked loudly and I realized
it was nearly impossible to sneak around anywhere in this house.  I
peeked out past the edge of the door jamb.  Empty and silent.  I
stepped out into the middle of the hallway.  Everything was shades of
blue-gray.  I thought about what I would say if I was caught.  'I was
heading for the bathroom.  I forgot which way it was.'  Now only a
moron would seem credible giving a line like that, but I hoped that in
the stupor of half-sleep, I'd be believed.  As it happened, my feeble
excuse wasn't needed.

   It seemed like a nearly endless trek to the face of the door, but
finally, I stood before it.  I held my breath and listened.  Silence.
Very carefully, I pushed at the door with my index finger.  The latch
was caught.  It didn't move.  I brought my body as close to the door
as possible and turned my head sideways, placing my ear against one of
the thin wood panels.  This was the thinnest part and if I was going to
be able to hear anything, this was the spot.  If Steven or Peter... or
Zoe opened the door at this moment, there was no reasonable excuse I
could offer for being there.  I tried to think of something I might
say but I couldn't.  My brain was swimming in a sea of confusion.  I
wanted to hear noises in there.  Moans, groans, the slapping sounds
bodies make when they work against each other.  But then I didn't want
to hear a sound at all.  Silence meant Zoe was being left alone.  And
that's what I heard and I relaxed.

   The clock chimed a single bong.  One in the morning.  She was
asleep.  Should I take her away now?  No.  Steven and Peter would
surely waken and my plan would be at an end.  Discovered.  No, I would
have to wait for the perfect moment.  So I tiptoed back to the bedroom
and stretched myself out.  I tried to work out my plan for getting Zoe
away from her captors.  I ran each scenario in my mind.  There were
flaws in every one.  I would never be an accomplished criminal.  Too
timid or too smart or too stupid.  I couldn't tell which.  The furnace
started up again and the sound of air rushing from the opening in the
wall was all I could hear.  My body felt unusually cool.  I allowed my
hand to rub across my chest.  I hadn't even noticed until that moment
that I was sweating profusely.  The breeze flowing over me was
evaporating the film of perspiration and lulling me to sleep.  As the
kaleidoscope of dream colors started to come alive behind my closed
eyelids, I slipped off my underpants and stretched out.

                              -+-

   Through slits too tiny to allow focus, I began to be conscious of
a blue light.  I forced my eyes open just enough to be able to focus
on the window.  What was that bright light?  Then I heard the chime of
the clock.  I counted.  Six bongs.  It was morning but I felt like
only a thousandth of a second had passed.  Then I was aware that I was
lying on my stomach.  The air was warm, too warm.  But it was that
warmth that allowed me to sleep unencumbered through the night.  The
furnace came on again and warm air breezed across the bed.  I inhaled
deeply and let the breath out slowly.  I lay still.  The morning was
quiet.  I started to inhale again, but then heard a faint echo of
myself somewhere off in the distance.  A tiny inhale and exhale, just
as if I was in some underground cavern-of-the-echoes.  I held my
breath.  I listened.  There it went again.  Then a little moan.  I
knew that sound.  My eyes darted around the room.  Nothing.  I
listened again.  A sigh.  Where?  I propped myself up on my elbows and
turned toward the door.  But what I saw...  What I saw was Zoe and she
was lying on my bed, right next to me.

   Zoe was asleep, on her back, completely naked.  Instinctively, I
pulled away but then stopped, for the bed wasn't that wide.  I
blinked.  I looked at my door and saw it was closed.  I looked around
the room.  No, it was just us.  Why was she here?  Was it her idea or
was she sent here by Steven or Peter?  I fought to blink the night
away from my eyes so I could see her more clearly.  She slept so
peacefully.  There were only the slightest visible traces of the
previous night's onslaught.  Her head was turned toward me.  I lay
down flat on the bed so I could look at her face.  I slid down so our
eyes were level.  Her lips were full, almost puffy, and parted
slightly so the two large front teeth that seem always to be prominent
in children were just visible.  Almost imperceptible smears of the
lipstick she wore last night were all that remained around her mouth.
Her head moved slightly with each breath.  Was she dreaming?  Did she
dream of me at all?

   Once again, I propped myself up on my elbows.  I examined her
little body with my eyes.  Her breasts were slightly swollen and there
were still traces of lipstick around them.  I felt angry.  My gaze
traveled down her tummy to that tiny mound between her legs.  I had to
sit up to see more.  Zoe's legs were together but I could see lipstick
marks around her tiny slit and on either side.  There were streaks of
lipstick on her inner thighs.

   Just then, she moved.  I dropped down on the sheets as quickly as I
could.  My face was level with hers once again.  I became conscious of
that fact that I was stark naked.  I listened for any activity
elsewhere in the house.  Nothing.  Zoe inhaled and let out an audible
sigh.  Still on her back, she bent her knee and pulled her leg up so
that it leaned against my hip.  Her hand found its way between her
legs.  I craned my neck so I could see.  Zoe was still asleep as her
index finger pressed into her little slit.  She rubbed herself.  She
rubbed the tip of that finger back and forth over her clit.  She
pushed the finger into her cunt.  I could see the finger each time she
withdrew it and it was wet.  She moaned lightly.  What delightful
dream engaged her this way?  I was becoming aroused.  I could feel my
cock swelling and pushing me up off the sheets.

   Then, as abruptly as this episode started, it was over.  Zoe sighed
and withdrew her hand.  It flopped down on the bed by her face,
between us.  I allowed my head to return to the sheets.  Now Zoe's
hand was only inches away.  Did I dare?  Yes.  I inched my face closer
and closer until I was nearly touching her hand.  Her fingers were
curled and I lifted my head slightly, bringing my nose level with
those delectable fingers.  And I inhaled Zoe's fragrance.  The scent
that came from inside her, from between her legs.  And it turned me on
beyond belief.  I wanted to lick those fingers and taste her but I
felt certain I would wake her up if I did.  I had to be content just
smelling that enticing aroma.

   But I wasn't.  I sat up slightly and leaned over her face.  I
smelled her lips.  I slid down and moved my face just above her warm
body and inhaled every inch of her.  Her shoulders, her neck, her
breasts.  And on her breasts I could smell the saliva of the previous
night's passion.  Peter, Steven, who could tell.  Now I moved further
down, over her tummy and down to the inviting mound between her legs,
now spread open by her bent leg.  Her scent, propelled by the warmth
of her young body, overwhelmed me.  I had the incredibly powerful urge
to press my face into her.  But I held back.  Why?  Was I falling in
love with Zoe?  Had I fallen in love with her already?  Was there some
way I could become a child again?  I moved my face over the rest of
her.  Down those beautifully slender legs, the ones that drove me
crazy each time I saw them.

   My nose had just passed over her knee when a noise in the hallway
broke the safe silence of the morning.  I resumed my original place on
the bed, facing the window.  Only Zoe's leg, still resting against me,
would suggest either of us might be aware of the other.

   More sounds, louder, then Peter burst through the door.  "So there
she is.  We were wondering where she went."

   No attempt to be quiet or considerate.  Peter raced around his room
and dressed for school.  He gathered up his soccer uniform and
equipment and stuffed it into his gym bag.  He dropped a book on the
floor and Zoe moved but she didn't wake up.  They must have put her
through a lot for her to be that tired.

   "Hey, Zoe!" shouted Peter.  "Zoe!"  But she didn't budge.

   Peter continued to clump around then, at last, he was ready.  He
paused at the door and looked at us on the bed.  He shook his head
then left.  A moment, then he was back.

   "She's gonna miss the bus."  Then he was gone.

   Now Steven, still naked, walked past the door.  He stopped.  He
looked in and smiled.  "Peter said she was in here.  She's going to
miss the bus."  Then he headed for the bathroom.  I sat up and tried
to cover my now limp cock with whatever sheets I could pull my way
without disturbing Zoe.

   "If she misses the bus..." said Steven as he walked in, wiping his
face with a towel.  "If she..."  But then the unmistakable engine
sound and squeaking breaks of the school bus filled the air.  I didn't
need to look, for the sounds, coupled with the bright yellow
reflection on the ceiling told the story.  The bus motored away.  Zoe
had missed it.

   "Well," said Steven.  I have an important meeting in half an hour.
I can't... Say, Alan.  Would you mind driving Zoe to school?  She has
an hour before she's late.  I'd be..."

   "I wouldn't mind a bit," I interrupted.

                              -+-

   I stood at the window and watched Steven's car back out of the
driveway and disappear down West Hemlock Court.  I looked at my car,
still there.  I looked back at Zoe.  She was still asleep.  This was
my chance.  My chance to get her away from here had just been dropped
into my lap.  I looked down.  I was still naked.  I returned to the
bed and sat down.  Zoe had turned on her side.  I carefully placed my
hand on her shoulder and shook it.  She roused from her sleep slowly,
dreamily.  She rubbed her eyes.  She opened them and looked into mine.
She smiled.  She sat up, turned toward me, and threw her leg over my
hip.  She pushed me down onto the bed and straddled me.  The warmth
and the sensual way she moved caused my cock to become erect almost
immediately.  She slid along my body until her face was level with
mine.

   "Zoe," I said, "I want to talk to you about something."

   "What?"

   "I want you to come with me."

   "I have to go to school."

   "No, I mean I want you to come with me, stay with me.  Away from
here.  Understand?"

   "Why.  I like it here."

   "Like it?"

   "I'm going to be late."  And she looked around the room.  She
listened.  "I missed the bus, didn't I?"

   "The bus.  Yes, you did.  You missed it.  Stev... Uncle Steven
asked me to drive you to school, so..."

   "Great!  I'll get dressed."

   "No.  I mean, yes, but... I don't think you understand."  How was I
going to put this properly?  "I want you to come live with me.
Permanently.  You see?"

   And Zoe, still straddling me, propped herself up on her hands.  "I
love you, Uncle Alan."  I smiled.  "But I have to go to school.
There's practice for the play today.  And Peter has a soccer game.  I
promised I'd watch.  And you can't break a promise, right?"

   I wanted to tell her that there are some promises that can be
broken, have to be broken.  But I didn't.  Instead, I watched Zoe
climb off of me and walk out.  I sat there, dejected.  A failure.  I
was certain she'd jump at the chance to get away from here.  What was
I missing?

   A few moments went by, then Zoe called to me.  "Uncle Alan!"

   So I got up, put on my underpants, and walked to her room.  Zoe sat
on her bed.  She was still naked and now held a pink pair of panties
in one hand and white ones in the other.

   "Pink or white?" she said, quite serious.

   "I've always been partial to white," I said, not really knowing
what to say to her now.

   "White," she replied and tossed the pink ones aside.  And now, to
complete my torture, Zoe proceeded to dress in front of me.  I
couldn't stand it.  I rose to leave.

   "Wait.  Don't you want to watch?"

   "Huh?" I managed.

   "Watch.  Don't you want to watch me?"

   "I..."

   "Everyone else does.  Don't you?"

   Everyone?  What did she mean?  Just when I thought I was beginning
understand everyone here, something else happened.  I didn't like being
in a constant state of confusion.

   "What do you mean?"  Boy, was I clever.
   

                            *  *  *

------------------------- (End of Chapter 8) -------------------------
------------ (Comments, pro or con, are always welcome) --------------

