                             Behind Brown Eyes
                                 by Zippo
                                July 28/94

  I heard the car pulling up in the drive way and raised my head up off
my paws.  I'd been dozing after a large dinner, while Ian sat on the
couch watching the TV.  He noticed me gazing at the front door as she
walked up to it.  Standing up he patted my head and walked towards the
door just as the bell rang.

  Getting up I yawned and stretched, arching my back.  Ian was opening
the door to let her in as I trotted into the hallway, my claws
clattering from the carpeted living room onto it's wooden floor.  It
was Cindy of course, come to take care of the house while Ian went out
with his pals.. drinking.  It was Friday night and Ian was tired, in
need of some much deserved R&R.

  I didn't begrudge him his night off, I got along well enough with
Cindy.  Not as well as I'd like.. but maybe tonight I could change
that tonight.  Approaching from behind Ian I playfully shoved my nose
at the seat of his pants and sniffed him.  Chuckling he pushed my
muzzle away and kept talking to Cindy.  So I sat down there..  between
them and looked up at them, giving them my "soulful eyed" look.

  This time it was Cindy who patted my head, kneeling down and giving
me a quick hug around the chest before ruffling the fur between my
ears.  Ohh.. that felt good!  My tail thumped against the floor as I
tried to lick her face.  She pulled back, giggling and wiping her cheek
where I'd kissed her.  Ian bent over to grab the underside of my muzzle
in one hand and shook my head as he spoke directly at me.

  I don't know why he does that.. the talking I mean, I love the muzzle
grabbing.  It must be obvious to him by now that I can't follow a word
that he's saying.  Ah well.. humans are strange sometimes.  I licked
Ian's salty hand a few times before he let me go and opening the screen
door, headed off for his car.  I sat by the open door and watched him
go.. already missing him.

  Suddenly Cindy's hand ran down my neck and scratched at my back, I'd
almost forgotten she was here.  Wuffing I stood up and pressed up
against her as I watched Ian drive off.  She patted my side, then
tugged back on my collar so she could close the door.

  I followed her into the front room, watching her ass move as she
walked.  I wanted to sniff her, but I knew she wouldn't like it.  I had
tried the first few times that she had house sat for Ian, and it had
really upset her.  So instead I trotted up and stood watching as she
switched off the TV and bustled about the book shelf looking for
something worth reading.  Yawning again I stood up and shook myself
awake.. I didn't want to be dozing off again and forget to put into
motion my plans for tonight.

  Finding something to her liking Cindy padded across the deep carpet
and curled up on the couch.  Somewhere along the way she'd taken her
shoes off, probably while I watched Ian go, and her feet smelt
wonderful!  Not cheesy strong like Ian's could sometimes get, which I
liked as well, but a delicate sweaty aroma.  While she opened her book
I padded over and sniffed at her toes.  Cindy giggled and I looked up,
my eye's met her's looking down, I wagged my tail.

  She sighed and putting her book to one side she leaned forwards and
gripping my neck fur she scolded me in playful tones.  I laughed, my
tongue lolling out of my mouth.  Leaping up I carefully set my fore
paws on the couch, so I wouldn't hurt her legs, and leaned forwards
into her rough scratching and patting of my neck and shoulders.

  Through half closed eyes I managed to catch her glancing down between
my hind legs.  I knew she was interested.. I could smell it as well.
But, as always she blushed and looked away after a moment, pushing me
off the couch.  Taking the hint I backed off and lay back down on the
floor near the couch as she curled up again with her book.

  I had started her thinking about it, as I had on other nights, and
she kept glancing up at me from her book.  I took the opportunity to
loll onto my back and expose my sheath and balls to her view.  Her
eye's once again riveted to them as I wriggled on the carpet, making
them jiggle and bounce seductively.  She licked her lips, shook her self
from her trance and went back to her damn book again.

  I was starting to feel a bit frustrated.  It was always this tug of
war with her, which I'd consistently lost so far.  But this time I
wasn't going to make the same mistake of rushing things.  It helped
that Ian had sucked me off when he got home from work, so I wasn't TOO
horny.  But still.. her exciting scent and shortened breath were having
a certain effect on me.  It was all I could do to keep my cock from
springing out of it sheath, and thoughts of leaping onto the couch and
fucking her right there and then were hard to keep at bay.

  After an hour or so of this interplay, her trying to avoid looking
but wanting to at the same time and me being eager to show off
everything I had, she put her book down with a frustrated sigh.  She
spoke at me, exasperated.  I was on my back again, and the pink tip of
my cock was showing out of the end of my sheath.  She fell silent and
watched it as I gazed up at her.. upside-down since I was still on my
back.

  She was on the edge, almost ready.  I just watched.. not wanting to
push things like I had last time.  She had become nearly hysterical
when I'd leapt up onto her and thrust my erection at her.  This time I
slyly waited for her to make the first move.  She did.. reaching down
she caressed herself.

  Spreading her legs slightly she pushed it all the way down onto her
crotch while unbuttoning and unzipping her jeans with her other hand.
Yowza!  I almost.. ALMOST.. leapt up and onto her at that point.  But
this time I would wait for her to come to me.  I could feel myself
getting harder, my cock stretching it's sheath and slowly emerging
while she played with herself.

  She moaned and leaned back into the couch.. one hand rubbing between
her legs while the other tweaked a hard nipple through the fabric of
her T-shirt.  I was fascinated, almost forgot to breath I was so tense.
Her eye's had closed, and shifting on the couch she gripped the tops of
her jeans and pushed them down past her hips.

  Tugging her plain white panties to one side she ran a finger over her
damp lips, gasping at the pleasure of her touch.  Her heady scent
filled the room bringing my excitement to a fever pitch.  My cock was
totally erect and small drops of clear pre-cum dripped from it's tip.
Only the bulge at it's base was still inside the sheath, the rest of
it's pink shaft hung over my furry belly.

  I could see how hard I was because I'd curled up to lick the tip of
my cock.  I love the way I tasted, slightly salty and tingling the tip
of my tongue.  That and the feeling of my slippery tongue sliding over
my cock was incredible!  I'd have preferred her pussy.. but this was
pretty damn good as well!

  She moaned again, and I looked up at her, letting my cock thump down
against my heaving belly.  Her eye's were once again locked on my cock,
and I suppose seeing me licking myself must have given her a bit of a
thrill.  I whimpered at her, putting on my "come play with me" look,
wriggling on the floor.  If this didn't work, nothing would.

  For a long moment she looked down at me.. not really seeing me but
thinking hard.  She even stopped playing with herself she, her fingers
stilled, slightly buried in her cunt.  Then she blinked and focused on
my eyes.. the intensity of emotion that passed between us then was like
nothing I'd ever felt before.  I can't really describe it, except that
for just a moment it was almost like she was canine.  I could see the
understanding and raw lust in her eyes.. there was something more too.
She cared for me.. really cared.

  Getting up of the couch she slid her jeans down to her feet and
stepped out of them.  Dropping her damp panties onto the heap she
stepped away and pulled her T-shirt up over her head.  This was the
moment I'd been waiting for!  I leapt to my feet, my slightly softened
cock swinging thru the air, and nuzzled her cunt.

  I heard her gasp and, from the corner of my eye, saw her shirt
flutter down to the floor as I greedily lapped at her luscious cunt.
Ahhhhh... this had been a long time coming and I savoured it, she
tasted a little bit like Ian did when I licked him.  But there was a
very definite difference there that I'd not had the chance to
investigate before.  This was the first time I'd made love with a human
female, there'd been a few bitches, Ian and one of the male dogs who
lived just up the street.  But that's another story.

  Cindy's hands buried themselves in the fur on my cheeks, she spread
he legs and pulled my muzzle tighter into her cunt.  I was having some
trouble breathing as my nose slid into her, but enjoyed the feel of her
soft flesh surrounding me.  I also liked the stiff rasp of her curly
groin fur against my tongue.  My cock was so hard by this point that it
hurt, I could feel cum dripping freely from it's end onto the carpet.
Ian would be pissed when he got home.

  Cindy was gasping and rocking her hips against my mouth when she
suddenly spasmed.  Her fluids drenched my nose as she came, but I
lapped them up eagerly as she trembled.  Each time my tongue lapped
over her cunt the fingers buried deep in my coat would clench tightly.
She was having a great time!  So was I, but the best for me was yet to
come.

  Pulling away from her damp pussy I stepped back and licked my chops a
moment.  Cindy dazedly leaned back against the padded arm of the couch,
catching her breath.  After cleaning my nose of her tasty fluids I
walked over and leapt up against her where she sat and braced my fore
legs against her shoulders.  She saw me coming and had time to prepare
herself, my weight didn't bowl her over.. not quite.

  She whuffed at the strain of holding me up, her arms going out to
clasp my sides as I lapped at her face.  She surprised me by licking me
back.. her smaller tongue caressing mine and sliding along my lips.
Ian had never done that.  Her hands wandered from my sides and ruffled
the fur on my belly.  I couldn't help but start to hunch, my throbbing
cock lightly tapping her belly.  Leaving small smears of the clear cum
which dribbled from it's sensitive tip.  I got a slight jolt of
pleasure each time it touched her, and those hands on my belly were
driving me wild!

  One of her hands caressed my sheath, still wrapped tightly around my
knot, and slid up my cock.  Her light touch on my cum slicked cock made
me orgasm right there on the spot!  Humping my hips I yipped as a jet
of my hot cum shot out and onto her belly.  It splashed and ran down to
her groin, as another watery jet spat out of my throbbing cock onto
her.

  She gave me a shove that pushed me off of her and back down to the
floor and I thought she'd freaked out again.  But she got down with me,
on all fours, and caught a hold of my cock again.  A few squirts had
shot out onto the carpet and couch, but she quickly wrapped her lips
around the end and sucked down the next one.  Wow!  She had a hot
mouth, her lips eagerly slurping over the end of my cock while her
hands ran up and down the rest of it.  I rolled onto my side to give
her better access, and she used it.  Sucking down the whole length of
my rod, up to where the sheath was pulled taught around the knot.

  She sucked and sucked as I kept cumming, I whined and arched my back
as my mind was engulfed in a soft sea of pleasure.  The feel, the
scent, the sound of her sucking on me drove me to keep cumming.  She
had to stop a couple of time to gasp for air, so a few jets splashed up
onto my chest fur.  While she went back down on me I got an extra
thrill by lapping at those errant splashes.

  After a long, slurpy while my orgasm faded away leaving us panting.
She lay down with her chest against mine, licking her lips.  She spoke
quietly and lovingly to me.  I licked her cheek and she giggled.  We
just lay there for a while.. a warm heap of fur and flesh.  Her sexy
scent in my nostrils and the feel of her soft breasts lying against me
began to turn me on again.

  Her eyes popped open when she felt the tip of my revived erection
pressing against her back.  She sat up and spoke to me again as she
reached down to grope me, her hand fondling my balls and sheath as my
red cock continued to grow.

  With a smile she rose up and slung a leg over top of me, so that her
crotch was positioned over my belly.  She reached down and lifted my
cock up till it was nearly vertical and pressed her cunt down against
it.  Jerking my hips I thrust the tip into her, she gasped and settled
her weight down, slipping more of my cock into her.

  Ohhh... she was so hot and tight around me!  Her thighs gripped my
sides as she raised up and thrust back down onto my rod.  Her hands
massaged and rubbed the fur on my chest as I matched her pace,
thrusting up as she humped down.  Sweat dripped off her and soaked into
my fur, I licked her face and she open her eyes to smile down at me.

  Suddenly she raised herself right up off of me, letting my wet cock
slap down against my furry belly.  Whining I struggled to my feet as
she crawled away from me on all fours.  She turned to look at me and
slapped her ass in invitation, an invitation that I certainly wouldn't
refuse!

  Coming up behind her I mounted her back, gripping her sides with my
fore legs.  She arched her back, pushing her bum up against my belly.
My cock slung down beneath her and I eagerly thrust it forwards, but it
was much harder to get into a woman than a bitch.  They're just not
quite built the same.  Cindy realized the problem tho and used one hand
to guide me into her, I pushed further up her back to shove my cock
in.

  So there I was.. my back paws just reaching the floor as I rammed my
cock into her.  You can imagine for yourself what it felt like to be
pressed tight against her back as I pistoned into her.  Tiring is what
it was like!  There was no way I could keep this up for very long,
women are much harder to fuck than bitches, harder to get into and
harder to hang onto.  Luckily my knot had worked it's way out of my
overly tight sheath and with a few powerful thrusts I shoved it into
her and locked my cock tight into her.

  She cried out as I did that, it might have hurt a bit.  After I was
in she clenched tightly around me and moaned in pleasure.  I began to
orgasm again so I slid sideways off her and turned around, straining to
lift a hind leg over her so that we would be ass to ass.  Then I let
the rush of my orgasm take over, as I filled her with my hot cum.

  Her ass pressed tight against mine, compressing my tingling balls
between us.  I shuddered and groaned as my cock throbbed and jerked
inside her tight cunt.  Cumming and cumming my mind floated in a warm
tide as I felt another pulse of pleasure with each hot squirt.

  But all good things must eventually reach their end, I came down from
my pleasure trip and began to soften inside her.  Glancing over my
shoulder at her I saw the she had all but collapsed as I came.  Only
her ass was still up in the air, her head was pillowed on her arms and
she had a dreamy look on her face.  It felt good to have made her so
happy.. so satisfied.  Heh.. felt good to be so saited myself!

  We stayed locked together for quite a while, waiting for my knot to
shrink enough that I could pull out of her.  Pulling out was a bit of a
 struggle at first, I should really have waited a bit longer but I was
eager to lick us clean.  I LOVE that part!  When my knot popped out of
her cunt she let out another sudden gasp of surprise and clenched
herself around my flesh as I pulled the rest of my length tool free.

  She shuddered and rolled sideways, stretching he pink body languidly
an the carpet.  I gave my cock a few cursory licks, to clean it before
it could slip back into it's sheath.  Lapping it's length I savoured
our combined flavors, and greedily swallowed the small amount of my
milky cum that oozed out.

  Then I trotted up to where she was lying and sniffed deeply at her
cunt.  My nose tingled with her powerful odor and the scent of my own
semen.  She stirred and raised her head to look down at me, one hand
reached up to play with my ears.  Gently applying me tongue to her cunt
I licked her clean.  I took a while since there was always more
dripping out and I HAD to get it all while I had the chance.

  Cindy enjoyed my attentions a great deal.. but seemed to spent to
have another orgasm.  After a while she sat up and pulled me to her,
hugging me and murmuring into my ear.  My tail was wagging so hard I
thought it would fall off!

  Just then she gasped and pushed me away.. she was looking up at the
tall grandfather clock Ian had inherited last year.  She stumbled to
her feet, groaning slightly as she tried to walk straight.  I yawned
hugely and got up on all fours to have a good stretch while she
gathered up and put on her clothing.

  When Cindy had finished dressing she wobbled off to the washroom, I
followed and lay down outside the door.  While I was waiting for her to
come out so I could lavish more of my affection on her I heard Ian's
car pull up outside.  So I leapt up and ran to the front door, arriving
just as he reached it.

  It was wonderful to see him again!  I can't help it.. I love the big
lug!  Wagging my tail I pranced around in front of him as he shucked
his shoes and jacket.  He laughed and patted my head, then stooped down
to wrap his powerful arms about me for a long hug!

  Cindy came downstairs from the washroom and spoke to Ian, who let me
go and stood up to chat with her a bit.  I trotted up to her and rubbed
against her legs, which made her laugh and reach down to scritch my
head.  Ian gave her some paper and with one last caress down my muzzle
she left, walking a little stiffly.

  Ian yawned which made me yawn too.  He laughed and we headed off to
our bed together.  I nearly fell asleep while waiting for him to clean
his teeth and urinate.  But I woke up enough to feel his arm around me
as he curled up with me on the bed.  I could smell the sent of another
man on his arm.. but I didn't mind.  After all I'd had my fun tonight
as well.  I sighed and closed my eyes, falling asleep in his arms.

                                - Fin -
