                         A Tale of Two Ladies 
                                  by 
                               Anonymous


Gina was rolling her head from side to side on the pillow.  Her
jet black hair 
was sprayed out in all directions.  She was using her hands to
guide Di's
tongue to just he right spot.  SOOOOOH God yes Di!!!!, she
screamed as Di's
tongue danced across her clit.  Di drove harder at Gina's soaking
pussy. As
she licked up and down the lips and around that swollen little
clitty she 
thought to herself that Gina was really enjoying her first orgasm
from a girl.
And what a prize Gina was.  At eighteen Gina was still a virgin. 
Her hair 
hung straight down reaching the very top of her 35 inch hips.  Di
ever so 
gently started to rub her finger around that little puckered
rosebud.
Gina cried out, SOOOH! OOOH! OOOH! Di I never knew.  That feels
so good.  
OOOH! Don't stop, I feel so tingly. Di moved her other hand up to
take those 
raspberry sized nipples into her fingers and roll them around. 
All the while 
she was gently licking those swollen lips getting all of that
sweet nectar she 
could.  

Her finger began to probe Di's tight little hole.  She wanted to
give Di a very
good cum.  Powerful.  When she was done it would be her turn to
be worked 
over and she wanted Di to have plenty of ideas of what to do. 
Di's nipples 
stuck out like very ripe berries and were so hard, sitting atop
soft mounds of creamy alabaster.  Gina had never seen a woman
with 38 inch C cup breasts 
that stuck straight out like Di's. Gina was starting to buck her
hips and press
against Di's finger as it worked its way into her asshole.  Di
started to move
it in and out slowly half twisting it with each stroke.  Shoving
her face hard
against Di's wet pussy she took that swollen clit into her lips
and gently 
pulled it.  Sucking hard and then light. She pinched first one
nipple then the
other.  SAAAAAAAAH!!!  OOH, I feel so hot. I'm going to do it! 
YYEESSS!  NOW!!
I'M CCCUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMIIIINNNGGGGGGGGR, Di blurted out. She
was arching 
her hips to Gina's mouth. Bucking all over the bed.  Gina buried
her face into 
Di's pussy and sucked hard, lapping up all the cum juices. She
shoved her 
finger deep into Di's ass.

As Di slowly returned to earth Gina withdrew her face and finger. 
She moved 
up Di's hard flat stomach licking and nipping.  As she reached
her face she 
leaned forward and covered Di's mouth with her own, parting the
lips and 
tonguing deep into her mouth.  Di responded with her tongue
battling back and 
nipping lightly. Now Di, I want you to give me the same pleasures
I have given
you.  Don't be afraid.  You won't hurt me.  Just take your time
and lick and 
suck me all over, Gina told her, looking into those large brown
eyes.  Di 
reached up and started to cup a breast.  She ran her thumb over
the nipple 
which instantly sprang out hard and round.  As Di began to rub
and lick on 
Gina, Gina let her mind start to wander again.  She would do just
what she 
wanted.  And when Di gave her that orgasm with her mouth and
tongue she would 
give her just what she had promised.  A shower.  A long hot
screamingly 
exciting Golden Shower. Not what Di was expecting, but she wanted
to introduce
her to all the great varieties of sexual activities. She would
love it, just 
like Gina did.

