
                                  BRENBLK8.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                            Sissy's "Dark" Passions
                                  (continued)
                                   Chapter 8

      Sissy confessed all this to her new friend as they snuggled together on
the dorm room bed.  Brenda was creaming her thighs just from listening to
Sissy's forbidden, delicious past. Whenever Sissy spotted a particularly
delicious looking dark skinned stud endowed with a hefty basket, she had only
one objective in mind -- to acquire the delicious liquid contents of those
swollen, Black orbs into the pit of her soft, flat tummy... via her delicate,
white throat! Brenda thought that the absolute sexiest thing in the world would
be to witness her raven-hair friend being forced to her knees before a towering
Afro warrior and then have her sweet, small mouth and throat impaled by a foot
long, wrist thick slutfucker.  That scenario, Brenda now knew, occurred on a
fairly frequent basis and our lusty blonde was eager to play the voyuer.

      Brenda and Sissy never missed a home basketball game.  All of the players
on the university team were tall, muscular and Black as the ace of spades.
These two babes would never miss a show like that! They would arrive early to
get a seat on the front row directly behind the team bench and ogle all that
dusky manhood while licking their lips and fingering their swollen, moist clits
under the blanket they would drape over themselves pretending to be chilled.
Once, at half-time, Sissy had went searching for the Team's locker room in the
hopes of "accidentally" brushing up against one of those Nubian gods when they
came out for the second half.  What she did discover was a back, unguarded
entrance to the dressing room and showers. Sissy couldn't contain her
excitement when she whispered her secret to her sex crazed nympho friend!  They
both realized the depraved and sordid possibilities that this discovery could
offer. When the second half resumed, the two little tarts casually meandered
down the back corridor and quietly slipped through the door undetected.

      Once inside they found that the rooms were deserted.  Everyone involved
with the team were out watching the game so our two sneaky friends had plenty
of time to explore.  They were quiet and timid as they crept through the rooms
as though this were a temple -- a shrine to the athletic superiority of ebony
manhood.  The aroma that filled the room was musky, dark and intense.  The
testosterone level that pervaded the air caused their heads to spin and their
twats to moisten. Sissy, now completely out of control, went down the row of
locker stalls gathering up the players clothes to her face while inhaling their
aroma. Brenda collected a few pairs of mens bikini briefs as well as a few
overly distended jock straps and stuffed them into her purse.  She also began
searching through their wallets, not for the purpose of stealing anything, but
only to see if she could discover anything more personal about these worshipped
heroes.

      Sissy found that nearly all of the wallets contained many pictures of
gorgeous, young Caucasian girls.  She recognized some of these fair skinned
princesses from her classes and was suprised to find portraits of some of the
school's most prim and proper southern belles. Phone numbers had been scribbled
on the backs, along with pleas to "call me soon! I need it again soooo bad!"
She almost came all over herself when she read some of the lust-letters that
these naughty little sluts had written to these boys -- vivid confessions of
the effects those hard, Black organs had produced.

      Sissy soon made a second big discovery that day -- a small hatchway that
led into a narrow, dark passage that was used to access the plumbing around
three walls of the big open shower room.  Small amounts of light penetrated
into the hidden walkway from dozens of small holes and cracks in the aging tile
walls and Sissy nearly came all over herself when she realized that by peeking
through any one of these minuscule openings, a girl could have an unobstructed
view of the entire shower room with no danger of being detected!  She
immediately called Brenda in to show her and the two decided to hide out in the
passageway and catch the post-game show!  These two oversexed slut-puppies were
trembling with anticipation as they waited there in the darkness, vigorously
rubbing their moist cuntlips with those sweaty, overstretched jock straps. They
didn't have to wait for long.

      In came the victorious gladiators.  Tall, proud and naked as the day they
were born!  Sissy and Brenda began muttering thanks to god for creating men
like these -- simply describing them as "well hung" would not have done them
justice, these men were triple-hung!  They began to shower, lathering up those
5 pound tubesteaks that have brought so much ecstasy to so many worshipful,
young, white babes.  Sissy became lightheaded, Brenda began to hyperventilate.
Both girls were secretly wondering how it came to be that the sexual organs of
the men of one race, could be so overwhelmingly superior to those of another!?!

      At one point Brenda looked over to her partner in crime -- and was
startled to find she wasn't there! 'Where could she have gone?', she
frantically thought to herself, 'I hope she doesn't do something stupid and
give away our secret hideaway.'  Leaning forward, the sweet aroused blonde once
again drank in the view of all those glorious Black appendages and allowed her
vivid imagination to revel in outrageously obscene thoughts.  Suddenly,
Brenda's heart leapt into her throat (!!) and the question of Sissy's
whereabouts was answered.  Before her companion's astonished eye, in walks
Sissy... completely nude! Like a sacrificial white virgin being offered to
Nubian gods, she gracefully meandered through the throng of stunned athletes,
lightly running her delicate, soft hands over their dark, immaculate torsos.
Consumed lust filled her stunning blue eyes, her large nipples throbbing, her
frequently taken mound was swollen and very moist. Standing seductively at one
end of the room, Sissy made a very obvious visual inspection of their
impressive endowments.

      "My goodness," she exclaimed in her most southern belle drawl, "I guess
my momma spoke the truth when she said you fellas were twice the men of any
white boys!"

      "And I'll just bet they taste as good as they look."

      Sissy stood trembling in the middle of that shower room.  She was
completely surrounded by very tall, muscular Black athletes. Her diminutive
height (she was only 5'1") meant that her precious little kisser was no more
than a few inches above those giant's navels.  That meant that their super
thick knobs were throbbing and bobbing right before her baby blue eyes.  She
didn't even have to stoop.  Sissy had only to lean forward, open her soft warm
mouth, and begin feasting on all those Black, stiff cunt-stretchers.

      She did so with a shameless disregard for how a proper white man's
daughter should behave!

      There were a total of sixteen super hung 'brothers' crowded around that
ivory goddess -- each one crowding in and jostling for position.  Sissy made a
point of giving each and every one of those bucks at least 10, deep, wet
penetrations down her throat while using her hands to stimulate others in
waiting.  Her goal was to get each Black dong to cum either in or on her white
body and Sissy was determined to reach that goal.

      The first of those big, Black, horse-length appendages began to pulse,
it's owner proudly proclaiming the blast to come.  Sissy spun her face around,
her extended pink tongue slathering over all those massive erections till she
found that most urgent one, and sealed her soft lips over that dark tip.  Her
delicate, pale hands cupped his heavy hanging testicles so that she could coax
forth all of that Black fuck seed! Sissy was very hungry!

      Whoosh!!

      The first wave of thick semen flooded that white slut's oral cavity.  Her
flushed, pink cheeks puffed out from the pressure and streams of hot spunk
squirted from the corners of her tightly sealed lips.  Sissy, not wanting any
precious nigger seed to go to waste, began swallowing in great, heroic gulps.
The Black conquerors cream almost scalded her delicate throat but Sissy gulped
on.  After the studs third large spurt, Sissy, by furiously swallowing, managed
to keep all the tasty juice within her cheeks but god there was just so much!
The little sex slaves kisser received eleven powerful blasts of
Blackreproductive jism and she had faithfully savored and consumed each one.

      Before she could celebrate this satisfying victory, however, Sissy once
again heard the familiar bellow of the wild Black buck about to erupt.  She
began searching around that endless circle of foot-long organs, urgently
seeking the one at the edge of ecstasy.  By instinct, she found it and managed
to get a velvety lip lock over that turgid knob just when the fireworks began!
Gulp... gulp... gulp... gulp... the young white girl was in heaven.  She was
being fed a hot, nutritious meal -- almost pure protein.  This was how Sissy
had always kept her hair so shiny, silky and sexy!  A warm sensation began to
grow within her smooth, flat tummy as the Black seed began to accumulate there.

      Two down and fourteen to go!

      From her peephole, Brenda witnessed everything with a reverent awe as
Sissy continued to be inter-racially face fucked and cursed herself for not
having any way to permanently record such an intensely erotic scene.  She
silently vowed to bring along a camcorder to the next basketball game.

      Sissy had satisfied (temporarily) her thirst for nigger sperm only after
seven studs had soaked her taster and stretched her cheeks from the sheer
volume of their deposits.  Her tummy was now very full and no longer flat.  It
bulged out as though she were 5 months pregnant!

      'Now there's a delicious concept...,' Sissy dreamed, 'to be impregnated
by one of these big, Black conquerors!!'.

      When she could swallow no more, the raven-haired cocksucker began
taunting all those big, bad niggers with filthy slut talk while continuing to
nuzzle her angelic face over their proud poles.  Her objective was to coax all
the cum from all those swollen Black scrotums onto her cute, ivory face.

      "O.K. fellas, you got these enormous Black dicks that I grew up hearing
so much about, lets see if they squirt as much as the myths claim they do!  If
you big boys give me a good soaking,  then I might come back for the next game
and show you how tight a white girls pussy can be!"

      That horny bitch dropped to her knees, leaned back her pretty little
head, and looked up to see 360 degrees of converging dark fuck poles all
pointed like cannons at her face.

      One penis began to fire away. The first surge landed on her head, soaking
through her hair till Sissy felt his sperm scalding her scalp. The second blast
splattered point blank onto her forehead --  the third, on her button nose and
outstretched tongue.  The first brother to "leave his mark" was soon joined by
another -- their seed mixing together on the sluts face -- then yet another...
and another... then a fifth... sixth...  seventh... and on and on!

      Sissy was being drenched with nigger sperm! Gobs of potent seed began
coursing over her face, down her delicate, white neck and onto her perky tits
where the thick, fertile liquid dripped from her swollen nipples like maple
syrup.  Her open, upturned mouth was now full to the brim.  When she dropped
her head and looked forward at least a pint spilled out over her lips and
cascaded down to mix with the quarts that now coated her ivory pure figure.

      When the final Black man was at last spent, Sissy stood up, a few pounds
heavier due to her full, satisfied tummy!

      "You Black boys sure know how to FEED a girl," she quipped, "next time
I'll find out if you know how to BREED a girl!"

      And with that our little vixen skipped out of the room, leaving behind a
trail of dripping fuck juice.

