Archive-name: Bondage/bet2.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Bet, The - Part 2


        His hands continued to tease her breasts.  Each contact 
came as a surprise because fo the blindfold.  The warmth in her 
stomach kept moving lower.  Two things were happening.  Her mound 
was crying out to be touched and, even without a touch, she could 
feel an orgasm building.  
        She wanted to cause some friction on her sex.  Her feet 
were tied apart so well that this was impossible.  Without a 
thought on her part, her hips began to move.  He seemed to know 
how close she was.  He would slow down or remove his hands 
whenever her orgasm began to approach too quickly.  She loved the 
delicious tension of it.  
        He placed the flat of his hand on her stomach just below 
the ribs.  Spreading his hand out as far as he could he slowly 
began to move down her abdomen.  His hand had not even reached 
her pubes when she began to come.  She was fairly quiet, but she 
knew it was obvious to him what had happened.
        All contact ceased.  She spent a moment waiting for him 
to begin again.  The cold drop of water fell on the edge of her 
slit.  For the next few seconds all of her senses were 
concentrated on her sex.  The second and third drops accentuated 
it.
        He began rubbing her stomach, his hand coming dangerously 
close to her sex, but never actually doing more than brushing the 
top of her pubic hair.  Again she felt her hips begin to move.  
        She had expected that it would be easier to hide what he 
was happening to her body because of what he was doing to her.  
Her body was betraying her again.  When his hands began to rub 
the inside of her thighs, she began to moan again.  He kept 
approaching her sex, but not quite touching it. 
        He shifted position, she could feel the bed depress 
beneath her.  He was between her legs.  She felt his hands 
sliding up and down her thighs.  He was rubbing, firmly but 
gently, the inside of her thighs, beginning at the knees.  His 
hands massaged the muscles beginning just inside her knee, 
progressing slowly up her thigh.
        When he began, his hands barely went half way up her 
thigh.  She was amazed at how much this focused her attention on 
her sex.  Each time his hands came a half inch closer, she was 
terribly aware of the closer intrusion.  She tried pulling her 
knees together, but she was bound too well.  She couldn't help 
herself.  She tried several times, reveling in the contact and 
the inability to protect herself from his attentions.  When he 
had closed to within inches of her sex, she found herself trying 
to stretch down to meet his fingers as they rose higher.  She was 
doing it for the third time when she became aware of it. 
        When his fingers finally touched her sex, she found that 
she was embarassingly wet, and very near orgasm, having been 
touched only once.

                                                 
--
