BIG COCK - HOT JOCK:

It was your typical Saturday morning.  I had gone out the night before to the
local  club and saw the same old crowd.  The music was dull and I just couldn't
seem to  get into the mood to party.  Everywhere I looked I saw the same faces
and  wondered why I bothered.  The kind of guy I would really like to get my
mouth on  would be a nice jock with a big cock, but my chances of that ever
happening  where next to nil.  So these where my thoughts as I drove to the gym
this  Saturday morning to do some serious weightlifting.

Once there I noticed the place was unusually quiet, even for a Saturday
morning.   Then I realized the college semester was over till January, and
since the gym  was right next to the University it made sense no one was
around.  I was just  despairing of even getting a chance to eye some nice hunk
when in walked Mr.  Stud of the year.  Man how had I ever missed this guy
before!  Now here was a  prime piece of manhood, grade A+ beef, this guy was
HOT!.  Quickly I pulled  myself together.  This was a public gym and I was
liable to have my face  smashed in if I didn't keep my eyes where they
belonged.  Luckily there are  mirrors all around the gym so while I was doing
my bicep curls I watched the jock  work-out.  Now I am no slouch myself.  About
5'11", with a nice lean muscular  build with good definition.  My blond hair
and blue eyes usually attracted some  attention when combined with my nice
swimmers build.  But this guy had some  serious muscle.

He was a perfect match of power and definition.  At about 6' 1" and probably 
about 190lbs or pure, rock solid muscle.  I watched him lean back to do some 
incline bench press's.  He was right next to me and I kept glancing out of the 
corner of my eye, hoping to see his veins pump on his big meaty arms.  I 
watched his very roughish and handsome face turn red as he pressed the weight 
up.  I thought his tank top would rip, as his big thick pecs strained against
the  fragile clothe. Cords sprain out around his thick neck as he struggled
with one  more lift.  Then with a loud grunt he finished.  God what a display! 
But not only  was this guy all muscle and raw macho sex, but he looked great as
well.  He  wore a baseball cap on backwards, like a lot of jocks, and dark
black, thick rich  hair sprouted out underneath.  His face was slightly
unshaven giving him a dark  dangerous look.  He had deep green brooding eyes
set in an incredibly butch and  masculine face.  Strong jaw bones, thick hot
and sexy lips, and a strong  demanding set to his mouth as he bent over and
stretched his leg muscles.

I nearly came right there as I looked at his butt as he bent over.  A perfect,
rock  solid ass that looked so tight you could probably bounce two inch stones
off of it.   I could just imagine myself down on my knees with my two hands
grasping and  molding the firm muscles of his ass as his powerful hips drove
his raging hard- on in and out of  my mouth.  At that point I looked down and
saw I was getting a  raging erection in my shorts.  I looked his way quickly
but he didn't seem to  notice.  I got up, very carefully and went to another
area to try and clam down.   But the next thing I knew this deep bass voice was
asking me if I would mind  spotting him while he did some lat pull downs.  I
said sure, my heart racing, and  walked over to where he was sitting.  He
wanted me to hold his shoulders down  as he worked out his back and lat
muscles.  I went over and placed my hands on  his very wide powerhouse
shoulders, feeling huge muscles bunching as he  pulled down on the bar,
bringing it down behind his head.  I was in heaven,  watching his shoulders
flex and feeling his hot sweaty skin beneath my hands,  loving the feel of his
muscles working underneath the skin.

When he was done he got up and I started to walk away.  But he stopped me; 
reaching out with a huge, firm hand that grabbed my shoulder in a steel like
grip  to turn me around.  I looked up at his handsome face and saw a twisted
smile  playing around his lips.  "I bet you really liked that didn't you?"  he
said,  smirking at my confusion.  I started to stutter out some feeble excuse,
but he  stopped me.  "Don't bother, I saw you staring at me in the mirror.  I
figured you  were some queer boy when you started growing that boner while I
was flexing  these big muscles of mine."

"What are you going to do to me? I muttered, scared out of my wits.

"Well faggot, It just so happens I woke up horny as hell this morning, my big
dick  so hard I could barely piss.  But my girlfriend has gone home for break
and I  could really use some release.  So how about's you give my cock some
good ole  sucking like it deserves?"

I was so excited I could barely talk.  Here was this absolute god of a man, in
his  prime, a hot young college buck, wanting me to suck him off.  "I'd do
absolutely  anything you want me to.  Man you are just so hot I could cum just
looking at  you" I finally managed to spurt out.  He just smiled.

"I thought so, you'd do anything to worship my big meaty manhood.   I bet you 
would cum just watching me workout in the nude."  Well there's a backroom here 
that no one uses so lets take a break from working in here and you can work-out
a  real mans muscle; on your knees where you belong with my thick cock stuffed 
down you hot wet throat."  With that he gave me a rough push towards the back
of  the gym, and then pushed me into a small supply room.

There was no place to sit, but there was an exercise mat on the floor, which I 
used to keep my knees from getting sore.  I watched as he closed the door and 
then turned to me, waiting on my knees, and pulled his sweat soaked tank top
off.   I groaned in heat as I saw his muscular chest fully exposed.  Every
muscle was  sharp and defined.  Two giant slabs of beef formed his upper torso. 
Those pecs  looked like they were carved from granite, with two large erect
nipples capping  his pecs, waiting for my mouth to suck on them.  Beads of
sweat rolled down his  mountain of a chest, down rippling washboard abs, to
collect at the base of his  gym shorts.  My eyes wandered down his flat lean
stomach to his slim waist.  I  watched as he grabbed his crotch with a big
meaty hand and began to grope  himself.  Huge muscles in his arms flexing as he
worked his dick, pawing and  pulling on his mighty organ as he began to get
hard.  He kicked off his shoes and  pulled off his socks.  He was now standing
before me, naked except for his small  tight gym shorts.  The sweat from his
body making them so wet I could clearly  see the outline of a tremendous dick
pulsating before my very eyes.

"Look at me boy!  You love my body don't you!  Now get down an kiss my feet, 
kneel before this hot jock and prepare to get your face fucked by a real man." 
I  crawled over and begin to lick and kiss his feet.  Smelling the aroma of hot
sex  and sweat coming from his body.  He smelled like pure man as I begin to
work  my tongue up his legs.  Past his iron hard calves that were the size of
my thighs,  to tree trunk sized thighs where I pressed my tongue eagerly over
his flexing  muscles.  He watched me as I  licked the sweat from his mighty
legs.  He felt  immovable standing there, his legs were so strong and powerful. 
Then he  grabbed me by the hair and held me at arms length from his crotch. 
With his  other hand he pulled his cock straight up in his shorts, now fully
hard.  It stuck at  least a good four inches above the waistband, poking up
above his belly button.   The large purple cock head pressed tight against his
firm flat stomach.  I licked  my lips as a steady stream of clear pre-cum juice
leaked out of the throbbing  cock head to run down his thick organ.  He let me
go for a moment as he whipped  off his shorts and underwear, to finally stand
totally nude in all his magnificent  glory before me.

He leaned against the wall, one hand behind his head, his arm and shoulder 
muscles standing out in sharp relief as he posed.  The other hand was down at 
his huge cock, slowly, playfully, stroking it.  He ran his hand all the way
down to  the thick base by his huge bull balls.  Squeezing it slowly in his
mighty fist.   Then ever so slowly pulling his fist upwards along the thick,
hot staff of manhood.   I thought it would take him forever to get to the top. 
His cock must have been at  least eleven inches long and perfect in shape and
detail.   An almost purple  circumcised mushroom shaped cock head capped the
baseball bat sized cock  shaft.  His jock cock was so wide I bet I couldn't
even connect my fingers around  it, and would probably still have room for more
hands if it was being three fisted!   His hips pumped the air slightly as he
continued stroking his cock.  Enjoying  watching me drool over his body as he
rubbed his pre-cum all over his cock,  making it wet and shiny in the light.

"Okay fag, heres what you've been waiting for.  Get over here, get down on your 
knees, and open wide!"  He commanded in his deep sexy voice, holding his 
throbbing cock straight out, pointing towards me like a loaded weapon.  I
crawled  to his feet on my knees, mouth open wide ready to be impaled upon his
super  thick manhood.  As I reached out with my hands to guide his cock into my
eager  mouth he stopped me.

"No hands boy!  I just want that hot mouth of yours sucking on this cock.  I'll
take  care of feeding you my big meat.  Your here to make me feel good and
that's it,  got it!  Now just kneel there like a good boy and let me feed this
cock to you."  

With that he took one hand to grab the top of my head in a vise like grip and
with  the other he fisted his eleven inch pole and pulled my face towards it. 
Ever so  slowly, enjoying my agony as he teased me with his cock.  I stretched
my tongue  out as far as I could, struggling for a taste of his pre-cum. 
Finally he let me.  

"Lick my cock head.  Yea that's it boy, run your tongue over my thick dick
head.   Get a feel for just how big this organ is that's soon going to be
ramming down  your throat, spearheading its way down your gullet while you give
me the best  damn blow job you know how."  He grunted out as my tongue licked
all over his  cock head.  I savored the taste of his sweet salty precum juice,
lapping the fat  mushroom cap of his dick, bathing his cock with my hot tongue
as it poked and  prodded my mouth.  He pulled me away a little...

"Do you want to suck on this cock?  Are you going to make me feel good?  tell
me  how much you want me!"  he commanded, holding that huge cock before my 
eyes, hypnotizing me with his mighty organ.

"Please let me suck on it!  I want you to ram that hard cock down my throat.  I 
want to taste your cock, feel it throbbing in my mouth.  Please LET ME SUCK ON 
IT!" I whimpered hungrily.  He smiled in triumph and then begin to slap his
hard  dick against my face, spraying me with his leaking pre-cum and my spit. 
It felt  like being hit with a brick, his dick was so big and hard.  It left
red marks on my  checks as he banished it like a weapon.  The eleven inch shaft
making hot  smacking sounds as he repeatedly slapped his huge dick against my
cheeks,  running it over my forehead, poking it at my eyes and face.  I moaned
feeling it  burning against my face.  he was so hot, so muscular and so horny. 
His dick  was like an iron crowbar when he all of a sudden violently forced it
between my  lips.  I could barely open my mouth wide enough, my mouth stretched
so tightly I  thought it would split as he placed the first couple of inches of
his big cock in my  mouth.  

"Yea that feels good.  You hot mouth is so tight around my horny dick, making
it  feel real good.  Now start sucking that cock boy.  Yea that's it use that
tongue,  make that suction on my dick.  Suck me right in cause I'm gonna feed
you the  whole thing"  he spat out.  He then grabbed my head with both hands,
making a  vice like grip on either side of my head as he stood there before me
and fed me  his dick.  I only existed as hot wet mouth to him.  I was on my
knees before this  jock while he stood there with a super hard, monster sized
cock stuffed into my  mouth, slowly pushing it in and out of my mouth.  He was
totally in control as he  held my head in two large hands, the strength of them
so powerful I knew I could  never break free.  I was at his complete mercy as
he moved my head back and  forth on his dick.  I ran my hands up over the back
of his legs, molding them to  his large thick calf muscles, up his iron-thewed
thighs, to finally rest where I had  dreamed of placing them; on his perfect
bubble butt.  It was the classic football  players butt.  Solid steel, smooth
and round and pure muscle.  I could feel them  clench and unclench as he used
his mighty hips to power drive his dick into my  mouth.

"Well boy, you've had a chance for me to stretch that mouth of yours. Now its 
time for some serious face-fucking.  I want to drive my thick dick all the way
down  your throat.  I'm going make you choke on the whole eleven inches of my
prime  manmeat."   he told me as he begin to push with his hips, forcing more
and more  of his cock into my mouth, past my tongue and down my throat.  

He would push in about an inch, then pull almost all the way out, so that just
the  thick big head was in my mouth.  Then slowly push it back in, going deeper
and  deeper each time.  As he got deeper and deeper his speed started to pick
up.  By  know I was almost seeing stars.  My own dick was leaking like a faucet
as my  hard eight inches cried out in agony against my leg.  But I ignored it,
all I wanted  to concentrate on was this mans dick.  I sucked with a passion I
had never  realized I had.  As his cock went further and further into my mouth
I strained my  throat muscles to take it all, and as he pulled out I sucked in
with all my might,  creating an incredible suction on his dick.  He huge
muscular body was covered  in sweat now, muscles popping and flexing all over
his body, his steel like  buttocks slippery in my frantic grip as I inhaled his
manhood.  He was moaning in  heat now, chanting to me.

"Yea, suck it boy!  SUCK ME HARDER!  Take my thick cock down that throat...yea 
suck me now...take it all fag, eat my cock.  Oooohhh man does that feel good.  
You know how to make a man feel real good"  he yelled out, really picking up 
speed now.  

His hips becoming a blur as he began to pump his cock faster and faster in and 
out of my mouth.  My body was almost limp at this point and he was effortlessly 
holding me up with his two hands, his feet spread in a wide firm stance, his
hips  pounding that mighty tree sized shaft into my mouth.  My mouth was
aching, but I  would never let go.  I was in pure ecstasy as his cock become
even harder in my  mouth.  I didn't think it was possible, it was like sucking
an iron bar.  Only this  bar was hot and wet and throbbing with hot pulsating
blood and raw sexual  power.  The huge organ was ramming its way all the way
down my throat.  He  was forcing my head onto his dick, impaling me on his cock
as he neared his  climax.

"I'm going to cum any moment boy! Keep sucking my dick.  Oooh yea..make me 
feel sooo good....so damn fucking hot....I can't stand it...your sucking me so 
good....taking that whole eleven inches of cock down your throat..man I'm so 
close...want to cum...need to cum...gonna fill your gut with my hot creamy
jock- juice....gonna shoot a massive load down your pretty boy throat...oh man
SUCK  IT ... HARDER ... SUCK ME, SUCK SUCK SUCK IT BOY!" he yelled out hoarsely
as  with one final thrust of that delicious cock he pushed the whole damn
eleven  inches down my throat, my lips pressed tightly to his bush, his huge
bull balls so  packed with mancum they were pressed against my chin.  I
couldn't breath, but I  didn't care.

He held my face tightly pressed against his crotch as with one might cry his 
massive disk spasmed and shot!  It burned like liquid fire as it shot down my 
gullet, heating my insides with his hot man cream.  Then another load shot out, 
penetrating deep inside me.  

"Take that load boy, OH YEA SUCK IT...feel my hot cum shooting inside you..."  
he cried out in pleasure.  Then he very quickly pulled his cock back out of my 
throat so just the head was in my mouth.  "Taste a real studs cum boy, swallow 
that sperm" he moaned out and then he shot a third time into my mouth, the
loads  actually seeming to get bigger.  I felt the hot salty cum spray into my
mouth,  filling it with his male essence.  I swallowed eagerly, moaning in
pleasure as I  tasted his hot cum in my mouth.  But try as I might I couldn't
get it all and it  spurted out of my mouth like a soda can all shaken up.  Cum
was leaking out  down the mighty shooting cock.  He pulled it all the way out
with a loud POP!   Then stroking it with his fist he aimed the dick at my face
and shot the rest of his  load all over my face.  I thought it would never
stop, as load after load of hot  semen rained down on me.  He was fisting his
majestic cock in two hands,  forcing out every last drop of cum all over my
face.  I was drenched in his man  seed, hot drops of liquid sex running down my
nose and cheeks.  Hot sticky cum  covered my hair and ran out of my mouth as I
tried in vain to lick and suck every  bit of cum I could.  My whole head was
covered in cum and more of it had leaked  down my face onto my chest as he
finally stopped stroking his cock.  The big  organ still fully hard, fully
erect in front of him like a huge flagpole.  The glowing  prick covered in my
spit and his cum, big globs of cum leaking out of the  throbbing head, making a
chain of cum that fell towards the floor.  Looking down I  actually saw a small
puddle of his cum between his large feet, as his breath  slowly subsided.  I
looked up at him, this huge muscular stud.  His body covered  in sweat and cum,
his cock still hard, but the body relaxed.  All his muscles in  clear
definition as he stretched his arms, looking at me with a contented smirk.

I began to get to my feet, ready to leave when he looked at me and smiled.  

"Where do you think your going boy?"  he questioned, as he began to fist his 
softening cock back into its full, erect glory.

"That was just the warm up, now its time for the real thing.  I'm gonna show
you  what its like to get fucked by a real man.  Do you think your ready to
have me  power drive this huge cock of mine up that nice tight butt of yours?" 
he ordered  more than asked.

I just moaned in pleasure and rolled over......

But that's a story for another time........
