                             Bodysurfing


Jim stood waist deep in the water  and looked at Eva as she took off the
light cover-up she'd worn over her swimsuit.  She rolled it up and set it
on the sand, then stood  and looked out over water.  A wave broke around
Jim,  almost knocking him over,  and when he looked back at her, she was
standing  at the edge of the water  grinning at him.   As he watched his
wife, Jim wondered why he'd never taken her to the beach before.  They'd
dated for two years  before they got married,  and they'd been married a
year and a half now, but this was the first time.

She was beautiful,  standing there wearing only three small triangles of
cloth.  It was late August, and the water was as warm as it ever gets in
the Great Lakes.   Jim relaxed in the cool water,  enjoying the pleasant
relief it offered from the 90 degree air inland.   The surf broke around
him, occasionally lifting him off his feet as he watched his wife slowly
wade out to him.

Eva yelled briefly  as she lost her balance  in the surge,  then came up
grinning.  "I've never been where there's surf before," she said.  "This
is fun."

"That's why I brought you here," Jim said, grinning as she shook her wet
hair out of her face.  "Want to try body surfing?"

"I don't know, is it safe?"

"Watch.  Get used to the feel of the water while I show you."

The surf  on the Great Lakes  isn't usually high enough for serious body
surfing,  but you can ride an occasional wave.  There was a brisk breeze
blowing towards the shore,  so the surf was high enough that Jim had fun
showing Eva how to do it.  Fifteen minutes later, Eva had found her wave
and let it wash her onto the fine sand of the beach.  She laughed as she
sat up and let the next wave wash the sand off her front.

"You OK?" Jim called,  not sure she could hear him over the sound of the
surf.

"Sure,"  she called as she got up and waded out towards him.   "That was
fun," she said when she was close enough to talk without yelling.  "I've
got sand in my bikini, though, ugh."

"Take off your suit and clean it out," Jim suggested.

"What?" she said.

"Who's to see,"  Jim asked,  scanning the empty beach.  "We're a quarter
mile from the nearest people, and you're under water; there's nothing to
be modest about..."  Jim lost his balance to a wave, and when he came up
Eva was laughing at him.

He grinned as he saw her bend down to take off her swimsuit's bottom and
then wade out into deeper water before taking off the top.  As she undid
the bow that held it on, she lost her balance to another wave.  She came
up sputtering and yelling something.

Jim couldn't make out what she was yelling until he got closer.   "I let
go of my swimsuit when that damn wave hit," she said, looking angry.

Jim ducked under the water and looked.   He couldn't see very well under
the water, but the suit ought to have been easy to see.  He saw his wife
standing  and occasionally being lifted  by a wave,  he saw a small fish
swimming nearby,  staying in one place with its head pointed towards the
beach, but he didn't see a swimsuit.

As he came up, he realized what the fish told him.  "There's a bit of an
undertow here," he said,  "nothing dangerous,  but enough to take away a
swimsuit."

"So what do I do?"

"Relax and enjoy it?" Jim said, grinning at her.   She didn't return his
grin, so he thought about what they had.   "You wore a cover-up over your
bikini on the way here, you can wear it when we walk back to the car."

"But it was almost transparent!"

Jim grinned again.   "We'll walk back  through the dunes  to the parking
lot; that way, we won't run into any crowds."

She looked seriously at him and then at the long line of dunes.  The lot
was behind the lighthouse that rose over the dunes half a mile away, and
most of the people who used the beach were there as well.  "OK,  I guess
that's as good a plan as any.  Want to go get my shirt and shake out the
sand before I get out of the water?"

"Why hurry," he said.  "We've hardly been in the water 20 minutes, and I
like seeing you swimming nude."

She looked at him with a pained look, but before she could respond, they
both lost their balance to a wave.   When Jim came up, Eva was laughing.
"OK, we'll stay," she said.  "These waves are sort of fun."

Jim caught the next wave  and rode it to the sand,  then rolled over and
looked back at Eva.  She floated neck-deep in the water, and as the next
wave approached her, she looked over her shoulder  and then dove forward
to ride it shoreward.   As she dove, her breasts were briefly out of the
water, and as she rode the wave, Jim watched her pretty bottom.

As the wave washed back off the sand,  Jim looked at Eva's naked body as
it was briefly exposed on the sand.  She grinned at Jim when she noticed
his eyes on her, but as the next wave broke over her, she slid back into
the water with it.   Jim felt his penis slowly relax  as she disappeared
under the water.

Jim got up  and waded back into the surf,  following his wife.   She was
swimming  low in the water  while he waded, and he almost caught up with
her when he was tumbled by a wave.  When he came up, she giggled at him.
"You liked looking at me, didn't you?"

"Yes," he said.  "You've got a nice body."

She stood up as the next wave passed and smiled at him as the water fell
to expose first her breasts, and then very briefly her pubic hair.   Jim
noticed that  her nipples were erect,  but he wasn't sure  if it was the
water temperature or sexual excitement.   Before he had a chance to find
out, they were both tumbled by the next wave.

Eva laughed as they came up.   "Let's ride a wave together and then head
for the car, OK?"

"OK," Jim said.  They stood hand in hand waiting for the right wave, and
then dove forward as it approached.  The wave lifted them, and they slid
down it's face as it drove them onto the beach.

"Do you mind checking to see if anyone's near?"  Eva said, propping her-
self up on her elbows as the next wave washed around her.

Jim got up and looked around, seeing nobody.   "OK,"  he said,  and then
watched while his wife rolled over on her back to let the next wave wash
over her naked breasts.   He felt his penis harden as she got up, and as
she walked up the beach to him, she smiled at him.

"That suit's not really made for a hard-on," she said as she drew near.

"No, ... you are pretty, though."

She gave him a gentle kiss, and he felt his penis expanding in his swim-
suit as she briefly pressed her cool wet breasts against his chest.  Her
lips were cool at first, but as she kissed him, they grew warm.   He was
disappointed when she broke the kiss to bend down and pick up her shirt.

"Come on," she said, walking towards the line of dunes.

"Aren't you going to put the shirt on?"

"I was,  but then I realized it would just stick to me  and make me look
like one of those wet T-shirt contest winners.  Anyway, now that I'm out
here with nothing on, I kind of like it.  I've never been skinny-dipping
before, but I'd be tempted to do it again."

"You acted like it really bothered you at first."

"I guess it did, but I guess that's just habit.  I remember when I was a
kid, the minister at our church once told a story about skinny-dipping."

"Your minister?"

She laughed.  "Yup, he was talking about how we sometimes confuse habits
with morality."

He fell behind to look at her pretty bottom as she walked across the hot
sand, and as he watched her, he thought about making love.   By the time
they reached the dunes,  his swimsuit was still wet, but the hot dry air
of late August had dried their skin.  The face of the dune was steep and
Eva paused to put on her cover-up before trying to climb the steep slope.

Jim thought it would be disappointing when she covered herself, but he'd
forgotten the nature of her cover-up.  She turned to him after she put it
on and asked "how's this look?"

The cover-up  was made  as much to show off what was worn under it  as to
hide anything.   It covered her loosely from shoulders to mid-thigh, but
when she faced him,  her breasts showed clearly against the almost sheer
fabric.

"I like it,"  he said, kissing her and feeling the texture of the fabric
sliding over her fanny under his hands.   She returned his kiss and gave
him a quick hug before starting to climb the shifting sands of the dune.
He liked watching her fanny  through her thin cloth as she climbed,  but
she waited for him when she realized he was behind her.

"You know," she said as they reached the top of the dune.  "If the water
were a bit warmer, it might have been fun to make love in the surf."

Jim felt his penis tighten again.  "I'd like to make love to you now."

She squeezed his hand as they wound their way along the dune top towards
the distant lighthouse.  "Out here, in public?"

"What public?" he asked.

She hugged him as they walked on.   "If we had a blanket or even a beach
towel, I'd go along with you,  but I don't like the idea of digging sand
out of myself."

"Sorry,  I hadn't thought of that,"  Jim said.   They came to a break in
the line of dunes and had to scramble down and back up to the ridge, and
as they reached the top,  Jim had an idea.   "Want to try it with you on
top?"

She stopped walking and looked at him.  "Are you serious?"

"Yes."

She walked away from him along the dune top;  the way she walked made it
obvious  that she wanted to think by herself, so Jim let her walk ahead.
He admired her as she walked ahead of him,  enjoying the play of the sun
on and through her cover-up as it rippled in the wind.  She walked on the
sand between low hummocks of grass and scrub cherry that grew on the top
of the dune, then climbed one of the taller hummocks.

After a pause  to look around,  she walked down towards him,  smiling as
her breasts bounced pleasantly under her cover-up.   "Let's do it!"  she
said as they came together.  "Come on!"

His penis hardened  as he followed her  to a nearby hollow in the top of
the dune.   As they entered the hollow,  she slipped off the cover-up and
hung it on one of  the scrub cherries  growing to one side of the hollow.
He looked at her as she stood surveying the hollow.

Jim slid  out of his swimsuit  and set it on the scrubby growth  next to
her cover-up, then gave Eva a kiss.  Her erect nipples gently brushed his
chest as they kissed,  and then she pressed her body tightly against his
as they hugged.

"This is fun," she whispered, pausing briefly.  "Come on!"  She lead him
to a grassy tussock, and continued to stand as he sat on it.   The grass
was hot and it tickled his bottom as he sat on it, but he hardly noticed
it.  She stood in front of him at arm's length looking down at his erect
penis, then knelt in front of him with her hands behind his head.

His ran his hands slowly up and down her the soft skin of her waist, and
then pulled her towards him to kiss her breast.  He kissed the soft skin
around her erect nipples, and then began gently sucking.  She pulled his
head to her breast  and stroked his hair as he sucked harder,  and as he
ran his hands over her fanny, she pressed her hips against his stomach.

He could feel the moisture between her legs, and as she rocked her hips,
her thigh brushed his erect penis.   He held her hips  and pushed gently
down  while he let go of her nipple and began kissing his way up towards
her neck.   His lips tingled with every kiss, and his penis stiffened in
anticipation as she straddled him and began lowering herself over it.

She gently brushed the mouth of her vagina against the tip of his penis,
then slowly engulfed.   He hugged her to him as he felt her sliding down
over him,  then kissed her under the chin as they began to rock;  as the
sound  of the distant surf swept over them,  she fiercely kissed him and
then leaned back and let out a shuddering sigh as she climaxed.

She smiled calmly up at him as she leaned back with her arms around him,
then began to pump herself up and down on his penis.  He reached for her
breasts, marveling at their beauty before the sensation of her engulfing
vagina overwhelmed him.   He climaxed convulsively,  thrusting his penis
into her  as she sat down hard in his lap,  and then he held her tightly
for a long time as he relaxed in the afterglow of his orgasm.

"That was fun," she said quietly,  still holding onto his his limp penis
with her vagina.

He smiled back at her,  feeling a bit disappointed as she got up off him
and smiled down at his penis as it glistened in the sun.  He didn't want
to talk yet,  but when she handed him his swimsuit,  he brushed the sand
off his fanny and put it on  before he followed her up out of the hollow
in the dunes towards the parking lot.

They had to scramble down two more breaks in the line of dunes and climb
to the next dune top before they finally walked down  the irregular back
of the dune to the parking lot.   They could hear the voices of children
playing near the lighthouse  as they walked into the half-full lot,  but
nobody was in sight as Jim and Eva walked over the hot sand to the car.

He finally spoke as he sat in the driver's seat.  "I hope you don't mind
what we did."

She smiled at him, then reached over and kissed him.  "Nope.  That was a
50 dollar bikini, but it was worth it."


