Visual bondage can take several forms, from restricting the vision to
obliterating it.  Blindfolds of various sorts are the most common
technique.  In order for a cloth or leather blindfold to be totally
effective, there must be some sort of padding involved.  And having
those pads pressed against the eyes can be very sensuous (up to a
point).  However, the patient should not be forced wear a snug, padded
blindfold for long periods of time.  The constant pressure against the
eyeballs can alter the intraocular fluid dynamics, and hence, the shape
of the eye, resulting in blurred vision.  This condition usually will
correct itself, but may take as long as several days.  If a snug padded
blindfold is imposed for an extended period of time, permanent damage
may result.

Total blackness can also be achieved with a trainer, helmet or hood
which does not put pressure directly on the eyeballs themselves.  
Another effective technique is to take a pair of swimmers goggles (the
kind that look like two individual eyecups connected with a strap) and
paint them (on the outside, please) with black paint.  These can also
be worn for long periods with no damage.  Another technique is to use
adhesive eye patches.

Keeping a patient in a state of complete sightlessness for an extended
period of time, forcing them to become accustomed to blindness, is an
exquisite torture.  For those with the time and resources to perform
such an experiment, the experience is really interesting.

Techniques which only partially obscure vision are interesting to
experiment with.  Goggles or blinders with tiny holes or slits permit
the patient with 2% to 5% vision, enough to get around or to get a hint
of what is about to happen to them, but restricted enough to be a real
turn-on.  Having the patient wear a veil is another partial vision
technique that is effective.  Depending on the material chosen (black
or white, thin or thick) the patient's vision can be controlled, from
being able to see well enough even to read (thin black silk or nylon
chiffon), to being able to walk around pretty well, but not read or
watch tv (heavier black chiffon or light white chiffon), to having just
enough vision to barely navigate, but not recognize faces (lycra
spandex).

I once had to wear a helmet for an extended period of time that had
thick glass eye pieces set into it that severely distorted my vision.  
They were sort of like fish-eye camera lenses.  The effect was so
bizarre and disorienting I felt like I was imprisoned on another
planet!

Hope you have fun with these techniques.  Remember, when you place
a sub in bondage, you are totally responsible for him/her.  NEVER
leave a bound sub alone under any circumstances.
