Archive-name: Family/brittny2.txt
Archive-author: Steve Jensen
Archive-title: Brittany II


Rob and Brittany talked in hushed tones as they sat on the bed in
Rob's room.  Their mom was asleep in her room and the door was
locked, but they still took no chances.  Rob fingered his sister
beneath her pajama tee shirt as they talked.  She rubbed his
swollen cock beneath his jockey shorts.

Lately, 15 year old rob and his 13 year old sister had taken to
getting each other to a pre-climax state by openly fantasizing
about each of them and another person.   When they had done
everything the could do to arouse the other, they would fuck.

"Okay, now that you've seen me do it with Jeromy, I want to watch
you do it with Nicole. Don't worry, she'll do what I tell her to
because she wants into my panties.  Nikki is into young girls.  She
tells everyone that she shaves her pussy because of swim team, but
the real reason is that she wants to look like the girls that she
wants to do it with.  Like, I am almost too old for her because she
really likes fifth and sixth graders.  But for some reason, she
wants me.  That was the whole reason for doing it with Jerermy, so
that she could see me naked and maybe get me turned on enough to do
it with her."

"What would you do with another girl?" Rob asked.

"I don't know what I would do, but what she does is like mostly
lick pussy.  She also does really young guys, like fifth and sixth
grade.  She used to baby sit for these two kids that I baby sit for
and they told me about some of the stuff they did.  She is 17 and
she has screwed an 11 year old."  

"Bet the 11 year old loved it.  Who was he?"

"Scotty Marsh.  Cute kid.  Real cute! His mom got the idea
something wasn't right and changed baby sitters. That's when I got
the job.  Scotty got the idea all girls were like that when I first
baby sitted him and he spent the whole night running around the
house in his underpants... sometimes not even that much.  I liked
watching him but I didn't do much

"Do much?  what did you do?"

"Well, Nikki had taught him to lick pussy.   I got kinda turned on
watching him in his undershorts and he kept bugging me to strip for
him.  He told me that Nikki allways did.  So I told him he would
have to talk to Nikki if that's what he wanted.  The little brat
called her on the phone and she was there in five minutes.  She
made the excuse that she was coming to keep me company.  Yeah,
right!"

"Next thing I know, they are both in his bedroom.  They left the
door open so I watched as this kid started licking Nikki's pussy
and boobs.  She invited me to join in, but I told her that I just
wanted to watch.  She must have came twice before he got on top of
her. That was a trip watching this little fifth grader fuck one of
the best looking girls in the junior class.  That kid is gonna be
a hunk when he gets older."

"So what happened next," Rob asked?

"Well, I told Nikki that she had to split before Scotty's Mom got
home, and she did.  Scotty got his pajamas on and came back out in
the living room to watch TV.  I had this urge to pull down his PJ's
and check him out up close." 

"Well, I got curious and pulled his underwear down and felt him up. 
He doesn't have hair yet but he gets one hell of a hard on.  I
started jerking him off and rubbing his cute little ass and he just
stood there and let me do what I wanted.  But before we got very
far, I heard his mom's car pull into the driveway so I pulled his
pants back up real quick and he dashed off for his bedroom."
 
"You said something about two kids?"

"Yeah.  Scotty has this little girlfriend in his class that knows
Nicole.  That's how Nikki met him.  Her name is Amanda Wells. She
is also in my Thursday night dance class.  Nikki was baby sitting
Amanda one night and Scotty came by.  She ended up getting them
both naked and screwing around while she watched.  Some baby
sitter."

"I would like to watch you and Scotty do it," Rob blurted out to
his sister. 

"Turns you on watching me go into slut mode, eh?  Well, your big
chance is coming up.  I baby sit him tomorrow night.  Just come by
any time after his mom leaves."

"Do you think he would say anything?"

"To his mom?  Nah.  He hasn't said anything about anything else. 
Besides, what would really be sharp is if we could get Amanda to
come over.  I would like to watch both of you fuck her.  Especially
you."

"A fifth grader, eh?  Well, you're seventh so that is not too
different."  

"Not any different, eh?  I am just another fuck, huh?"  Brittany
said playfully.  Before long she would submit completely to her
brother and let him pump his cum into her hole as their mom slept
only a few feet away. 


The next evening...

Scotty's mom had barely left when Rob knocked on the door.  "Talk
about anxious," thought Brittany.  Scotty had already managed to
get out of everything but his underwear when he heard the knock. 

"Who's that?" he asked.

"My brother," she told him.  Seeing the disappointed look on his
face at the thought of not being able to mess around like they did
before, she added, "Don't worry.  He's cool.  He likes to have fun
too."

Brittany opened the door and let her brother in.  "Rob, this is
Scotty.  Scotty, my brother Rob."  The boys shook hands.

Rob thought to himself that his sister had not exaggerated when she
said this kid was cute!  He had long, brown hair that just touched
his shoulders.  His eyes were bright blue and his face round and
cherub like.  When Rob glanced down at the boy's jockey shorts, the
only thing he was wearing, the boy blushed.  Seeing this,
Rob quickly said, "Guess I am overdressed for this party, Sis." 
With that, he stripped down to his shorts while Scotty watched
intently.

There wasn't any secret what was under Rob's shorts, either.  And
seeing this caused Scotty's little tool to grow to it's full size. 
Seeing this, Brittany reached down and patted both boys' swelling
erections.  "Looks like I am going to have my hands full tonight,"
she said.

"That a'int the only thing that you're gonna have full," her
brother responded.  Scotty giggled.

"Where were we before we were so rudely interrupted a few weeks
ago?" she asked Scotty, taking him by the hand and leading him to
the same spot where he had stood while she stroked his cock.  She
sat on the couch in front of him and ceremoniously pulled his
shorts down to the knees.  Rob took a chair to the side of them and
watched as his sister stroked the boys hairless penis.  As the boy
responded to Brittany's stroking, Rob watched dimples form in the
cheeks of his ass.  He couldn't wait to watch his sister take him
inside her.  When the boy squirted his sperm in here canal, he was
going to be right there to lick it out. He wondered if the boy was
old enough to squirt.  He was big for his age and that may help.
Nicole's coaching probably would have had something to do with it
too.

"Remember what you did to Nikki last time?" Brittany asked Scotty.

"You mean when I fucked her?" he responded.
"Yeah.  I want you to do that to me, too," she told him.

Scotty turned to look at Rob as if for permission.  "It's okay with
me, pal, I am here for the show!"

Scotty took Brittany by the hand and said, "We better go in here,"
as he led her to his bedroom.  Rob followed.

The center of the room was dominated by a twin size bed that was
made in the fashion of a racing car, complete with a bedspread that
looked like a car's interior.  A toy box was over in the corner and
various items, balls, gloves, and other items that would be
cherished by an 11 year old were strewn about the room.  Seeing the
room reminded him of the six year age difference between him and
the boy who was about to fuck his sister.  It just made him that
much more horney.  Little Miss Perfect was going to submit to this
kid right in his own room.

"Shoulda worn my race car undies," Brittany joked as she shed her
outer clothing in front of the two boys.  Finally, wearing only her
panties she lay down on the bed.  Arching her back to hoist her
little butt up into the air, Brittany slipped out of her panties. 
As she lay naked and spread eagle, one leg on each "fender" of the
bed, she told the boy, "Fuck me like you did Nikki."

Scotty crawled up on the bed and positioned himself between her
legs.  He made a couple of attempts to stick his stiff tool
directly in her hole, but he missed and instead slid his shaft up
her slippery crack.  He felt something guide him into her cunt and
looked around to see Rob behind him.  Rob had taken hold of his
shaft and was now holding it directly over his sisters cunt hole. 
Scotty seized the opportunity and sank himself into the girl.  Rob
watched the dimples form in his ass once again as the young boy
fucked his sister.

Taking a chance but doing something that he didn't think he could
resist in spite of the risk, Rob rubbed the boys ass.  Scotty
didn't seem to mind and, in fact, seemed to welcome the added
sensation, responding by wriggling his buns into Robs hands each
time he withdrew from his Brittany.  Rob had managed to lubricate
his index finger by sneaking it into Brittany's cunt while the boy
fucked her.  Then he placed the slippery finger over the boy's
asshole.  The coating of Brittany's juices allowed the finger
instant access up the boy's ass.  Again, Scotty began to welcome
the sensation and responded by fucking Brittany furiously.

Finally Rob got really brave and, after dropping his underwear and
kicking them off onto the floor, climbed on the bed behind Scotty. 
He positioned his stiff cock exactly on the spot where he had his
finger moments earlier.  Not only did Scotty not pull away, he
backed up onto it.  Rob held Scotty open, pulling his cheeks apart
with his hands, while he forced his stiff tool up the younger boy's
butt.  When he had sank it three quarters of the way into him,
Scotty once again started fucking Brittany.  Rob timed his strokes
so that as the boy pulled out of his sister, he backed farther onto
his cock.  Before long, they were going in full strokes.

Brittany was in heaven.  Watching her brother butt fuck this little
boy has her so hot she was in complete sexual abandon. She knew her
brother had gotten turned on watching Jeromy's ass and had been
wondering how far he would go with a boy if he got the chance.  Now
she knew.

Robs cock massaging the younger boy's prostrate had caused a
friction that was about to give Scotty his very first orgasm.  The
wonderful but strange, new feeling that overcame his came as a
complete surprise.  Although he didn't know it, torrents of his
hot, white, virgin semen were flooding Brittany's love canal.

Brittany started cumming in uncontrollable spasms after feeling the
boy's fluids oozing into her.  Her question was now answered.  He
was old enough to come.  For a brief moment she thought about
having the baby of a boy who was only 11 years old.  And the
chances were pretty good, too, since this was the boys first cum
and there was lots of it!  Thinking of making this fifth grader a
father made her cum even more.  Her orgasm's caused her cunt
muscles to contract around the young boy's cock and milk it
unmercifully.

The boys orgasm caused his ass muscles to tighten and a similar
milking motion caused Rob to explode inside him.  Rob concentrated
on looking at the toy box as he unloaded his teenage manhood inside
the little boy.  Then he watched his sister as she threw her pelvis
up at him, her cunt swallowing him completely.

Soon the three lay on the small bed naked and gasping.  Rob had
slowly pulled his softening cock out of the boy's but allowing some
of his semen to leak down the crack of his ass as he did.  Scotty 
rolled off of Brittany and lay on his back beside her.  Rob held
his sister's legs in the air and immediately began sucking her
cunt.  He couldn't believe the amount of jism the boy had pumped
into her.  As he held her legs apart and lowered his face to her
pussy, cum ran down her crack.

He buried his face in between Brittany's legs.  With his tongue, he
found the entrance to her love canal.  As he opened it, Scotty's
virgin semen oozed out.  Rob smeared it all over her crotch with
his hand and then licked the spermy mess off of his sisters slit. 
Brittany once again fell into an uncontrollable orgasm as her
brother used his tongue to massage her clitoris.  

Scotty watched the pair in amazement as they continued their oral
frenzy.  Soon Brittany lay exhausted on the bed, her legs obscenely
open in the style of a freshly fucked whore.  She gasped to catch
her breath as the boys turned their attention to each other.

"That was great, man.  Better than it ever was with Nikki,"  Scotty
said.
"Didn't you ever get off before?" asked Rob.

"If that's what that was, no.  It felt great though," he responded. 
"I would like to see what it looks like.  Do you have to be inside
a girl or a boy's butt to do it?"

"No, there are a lot of ways to do it.  You can do it with your
hand or someone can suck you off,"  Rob told him.

"Suck?  Wow!"  he looked over at the recuperating Brittany as if to
say 'Would you?'

Brittany, still short of breath, gasped "Not for a while."  She
then turned to her brother and gave him a sexy smile.  She knew
what he was thinking.

"Boys can suck too, Scotty," he told the boy.  He then lay him back
on the narrow bed next to his sister.  Getting on all fours, he
positioned his head over the boys hairless crotch.  He and his
sister exchanged knowing glances before he went down on Scotty. 
And in his first homosexual oral experience, took the little boy's
stiff prick in his mouth.

Rob sucked Scotty as his sister watched.  Brittany intensified the
experience for Scotty by engaging him in a deep french kiss.  Soon
the intensity of his kissing signaled her that he was going to cum. 
She broke away to watch.  Rob knew also and removed the boys
throbbing cock from his mouth.  Instead, he took the boys tool in
his hand and stroked it firmly from top to bottom.    All three
watched as his cock exploded, wad after pearly wad gushing from his
balls, splattering across his flat little stomach.  After what
seemed like an endless spasm of ejaculation, he stopped squirting
and started to explore.  He rubbed his hand in a pool of the jism
and then examined it closely.  Brittany took some and rubbed it on
her cunt and then took some more and, with a big glob of it on two
fingers, ran it deep into her cunt and smeared it around.  

Rob saw this and realized that his sister was getting very attached
to Scotty.  He knew that her wanting his sperm inside her was a
sign of deep affection, just like the one that they shared.  He
took some of the cum on two of his fingers and ran it up her cunt
as well, rubbing it into the back of her cuntal wall.  And then he
took some more and rubbed it on her lips.  She opened her mouth and
he put even more on her tongue.  Then the brother and sister locked
in a long, deep kiss.

Scotty had moved from the bed and gave the pair all the room they
needed.  He knew that Rob was about to fuck Brittany and he wanted
to give them the room they needed.  He watched as the pair,
entwined and kissing, entered into their incestuous entanglement.
Brittany moaned softly as her brother humped her.  Several times
she broke into orgasmic spasms as her brother continued to thrust
his cock deep into her.

When it was time for him to deliver his load, he pulled his cock
from her grasping cunt and allowed his semen to spill all over her. 
It reminded him of the time he had jacked off on his sleeping
sister two years ago.  Scotty's sperm would be the only thing in
her cunt tonight.

Even as her brother's globs impacted her stomach and her tits,
Brittany's empty cunt was still grabbing for his cock.  "Fuck me,
oh, Fuck me!" was her gentle moan.

"She wants you, man," rob told Scotty.  He got off the bed so that
Scotty could get on.

Scotty mounted Brittany and lowered himself onto her as she
furiously guided his stiff prick into her cunt.  The two fell into
a deep kiss and slow rhythmic fucking that Rob realized was the
first time his sister had fucked for love.  His 13 year old sister
had fallen in love with an 11 year old boy.  He wondered' as he
watched the to make love, when it happened.  Could it have been
when she watched him with Nicole, or when she messed around with
him afterwards or just a minute ago? 

Rob watched his sister break into a soft, gentle orgasm as Scotty
pumped her.  Her legs were fully wrapped around him.  He could see
her cunt muscles grip his cock as it slipped in and out of her. 
Suddenly, Scotty pulled out and began to stroke his cock in
preparation to shoot all over her like Rob had done earlier.  But
Brittany stopped him and pulled him back down into her.  

"Come in me, Scotty.  Give it to me.  Give it all to me," she
moaned.

Rob watched close up as Scotty continued to pump in and out of her,
his cum making a white foam around her little hole.  They pumped
until they had no energy left.  And as the two lay there entwined,
naked and exhausted, Rob jacked off on them releasing his load over
his sister and her little lover.

As Rob got dressed, he look at the sleeping pair on the race car
bed.  He glanced at the toy box in the corner.  Something told him
that this kid's preference in toys was about to change.

--
