                           Bunk Mates


His blue eyes sparkled above his boyish grin.  His thick blond hair was
curled almost into ringlets atop a super-stud surfer build. Although his
innocent friendly manner wasn't seductive, it did nothing to stop my
pecker from rising.  All in all though, it was his beautiful blue eyes
that worked their way into my heart.  He had appeared at term break the
month before, with the news that he was to be my new roommate.  I knew I
was in trouble even though I had always kept my secret safe, hidden from
everyone to protect my future as a teacher.  An occasional cruise
through the park or baths had kept me sane while I put off love in
preference for an education.

Mark's transfer to Brogan U from Nebraska State had changed my life for
the worse.  The quick gropes on the bushes were no longer enough;
jerking off had become my major activity.  Our rooms were the small
English school type without the study.  I guess that was to save space.
The room had a bunk bed, a two sided desk, two bureaus, and a closet.
The desk was situated across the small room from the bed so that no
matter which side you sat on, the bed was just at the corner of your
eye.  Since I had arrived first during the year, I naturally took the
upper bunk leaving the lower for Mark.  Frequently while I was trying to
study, he would come back from jogging, strip off his sweaty clothes,
and flop onto his bed.  His body would always draw me as if I were in a
trance.  Hoping he would be a disappointment and cure my trance-like
affliction, I let my eyes drift over and look at him as he lay naked in
bed--once.

His true blond body hair was wisp-like and formed an almost
imperceptible light covering over his chest and legs.  On his chest the
moisture from his jogging had darkened the little trail of hair between
his solid pecs to a dark blond path between to flat muscular plateaus.
Two sturdy little nipples topped these plains like pinkish peaks.  Just
at his navel, the light dusting of blond hair began to thicken until
even the soft-looking, tightly curled hair in his crotch made my tongue
twitch.  His huge, perfectly formed cock lay draped over his leg.
Unlike some cut cocks, his was uniform in its light color from the base
to the crown.  And, what a crown it was with a perfect pageboy shape and
just a shade darker than the pretty pink of his nipples.  His ball-bag
was tightly packed with two cream-filled nuts, just waiting to erupt.  I
only could imagine that the beautiful smoothness of the front side of
his body extended to his backside and his bottom, but I couldn't see
that without indu cing him to turn over.  From that moment on, waking or
sleeping, I saw nothing but him.

After a tortuous month of lustful visions of him but not getting any
closer to him, I saw that only one course made any sense at all: I had
to have him.  If he wasn't into it, he would move out and shout my
secret from the rooftops.  I would deny the whole story.  Most people on
campus would believe me since I had kept my cock down around the campus
for the past three years and he was the new kid.  Some people would
probably think the worst, but at this point in my life, I would have
spread my cheeks for the U.S. Congress on national television for the
chance to have Mark.  On one fateful day, as he slid his towel around
his tight ass to head for the shower, I made my plans.

That night as he was going to bed I went to the showers. Besides wanting
to be fresh when I made my move, I wanted him to be asleep.  My plan
called for the exploitation of his nocturnal tumescence.  Since most
guys our age had erections several times a night while they slept, I
hoped it would be a good naturalfeeling place to start.  By the time I
returned, he was breathing slowly, the sheet covering only part of one
leg.  His cock almost glowed it was so beautiful; his balls lay between
his legs, saving his creamy load for me.  I sat at my desk with only a
small desk lamp on and it partially covered.  I wanted him to sleep well
and get hard by himself soon.  I didn't have long to wait.  His cock
began to fill and slowly left its draped position climbing up his thigh
inch by inch.  I didn't want to move just yet. I wanted to make sure his
sleeping body was accustomed to an erection first.  Before long his hard
began to go down.  I knelt before him and took in his smell.

With my lips almost touching his crotch, my mouth began watering at the
unique smell of his nether parts.  I carefully lifted his fat cockhead
to my lips and, ever so gently, began to kiss.  Waiting until his dick
reacted to the warmth of my lips and began to swell, I slowly worked my
tongue over the glowing crown coating it with warm smoothness.  Passing
the crown into my mouth, I held it until it swelled ever so slightly
then withdrew it and tongued farther down the thick shaft coating it
with spit. As my heart began to pound in my throat, I slowly sucked his
rod back into my mouth farther and farther.

The taste was made in heaven and the fact that it was Mark's meaty cock
in my mouth made my head swim and my body tingle.  By the time his
cockhead was filled, I could hardly hold it all in my mouth.  My
roommate's monster rod must have been at least ten inches long.  My own
erection was alive and well.  It was standing out straight with a flow
of pre-cum glistening on the top.  I dare not touch it for fear of
exploding all over Mark as he slept.

Reacting to my silent attention, Mark's sleeping hips began to respond
to my wet sucking.  As I slowly moved up and down his shaft, his hips
moved in time with me as if he were fucking my face at the same speed.
His balls were partially between his legs so I moved my hand to cup his
full ball-bag and keep it from being caught in the action.  Whether it
was the realization of the warmth around his rock-solid cock or the hand
on his nuts, his sleeping mind was alerted to the fact that something
was definitely up.

He jerked up as he woke, nearly robbing my mouth of his throbbing meat.
I could see shock, disgust, surprise, pleasure, and confusion cross his
face in seconds.  Fortunately for me, pleasure won out.  He was at least
going to let me finish!

I decided since this was probably a one-time thing, to give him a
blow-job to remember and used every trick I knew.  I tongued the head
and shaft, concentrating on the super-sensitive underside.  I showered
the little spot where the crown forms a vee with many kisses and a
darting tongue.  I moved what I could of his cockhead deep into my
throat to let him explore its hot depths.  My hands played with his
balls and his tits.  My lips kissed his tummy just above his cock and
the inside of his thighs.  I paid special attention to the hairless
crevice between his muscular buns keeping it moist and slick.  About the
time his hips started really bucking, I placed a finger against his
tight fuck chute.  It willingly accepted the first knuckle.

When I heard him moan in pleasure and felt his cock swell in my mouth
even larger, I pulled back to watch the fireworks.  His load was
immense: it shot up in an arch into the air and landed on his chest and
face.  Volley after volley continued to fly as I quickly rubbed his
ejaculate over him feeling the taught muscles of his chest and neck
surge with every jolt.  His hips kept humping upwards, his legs tensing
with each spasm.  The finger his ass had accepted was being squeezed and
pulled with each shot.  I felt his strong thighs close around me and
pull me closer to him.  I was pretty sure, that at least for the moment,
he was happy.

I prolonged my tongue-work, not wanting to face his anger once the
passion had subsided.  To my delight and surprise, he collapsed back
onto his pillow and said, "I didn't know a guy could feel like that!
I've used my hand a couple of times, and I've wondered about sleeping
with girls, but I've never even dreamed of anything like that.  Can you
do that again sometime?" He sounded like an innocent farm-boy.

"Can I ever!" I told him as I climbed on top of him, shoving my swollen
rod against his sweaty flat stomach.  Rather than expose me to the
world, he had given me half a chance to show him what I could do; I
wasn't about to let a chance like that slip through my legs.  I
continued his sexual education with Kissing 101, Humping 210, and
Tongueing 69.  He was a very good student!

The climax to the evening was when I lay on his bed with my ass on his
pillow and guided his massive cock between my cheeks. He wasn't too sure
about fucking in the beginning, but when I slid the thin sheath of
rubber over his pole, his feelings overcame him.  As I instructed him he
took my tube of K-Y and slowly lubricated my hole.  Then he caressed a
palm-full over the length of his sheathed rod.  At first he was afraid
he would hurt me, but we started out with only a small pressure on my
butt. When my ass began to open and accept his slick cock, he was an
angel and froze for just a few of seconds to let me adjust.  No man that
had ever fucked me had shown that much tenderness and consideration.
His poise and graceful restraint kneeling there with his cockhead
partially inside me was more than most men ever even dream someone who
fucks them will have.  Once my asshole loosened further and began to
slide up over his motionless cock, he slowly pressed his full length
into me.  His self-contro l and tenderness prevented the gut wrenching
pain I had grown to expect from well hung men.  After that, he began to
rhythmically thrust his meat deep inside me.  I stared into his blue
eyes as I took him.  Those blue eyes sparkled in amazement as he
realized how wonderful it felt to be with a man.

This time Mark was under his own control fulfilling his conscious
burning desires to explore my body as much as I had devoured his.  When
he let loose for the second time that night I knew for certain that Mark
may have moved in a roommate but had become much more: the hottest fuck
on campus.  And he was mine!

Now I'm the dean of Brogan University.  Mark is our head coach.  We
still have those small English style dormitories without the study.  We
still have the most sparkling young men and they seldom complain about
roommates.  Our young ladies now have the same style rooms. They don't
complain much either.  I guess it wasn't to save space after all.  When
I became dean, Mark and I moved into the Manor House with the retiring
dean. I'm still not used to all his lace ballgowns.  As dean Goldberg is
want to say, "Check your closets, they may have silver linings."
