Archive-name: Family/bronsis.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Clever Three


(Incest is Best, if you keep it in the family)
        
Chapter One 

Bill found himself at home, alone with his sister, most of the time.
    "Don't open the door to any strangers," Janet said to her children, as she
got ready to leave for her part time job. "I won't be home until very late, so
you will just have to take care of yourself and your sister," she told her
son.
    "Okay, Mom!" he replied impatiently, then began to recite the list of
rules that had helped to isolate him, and his sister, from the world, "Don't
open the door, don't go outside, don't have anybody over, keep the curtains
closed, no staying up late..." 
    "But I worry about both of you,"  she interrupted, as she put on her coat.
    "We know what to do, Mom," he said. "Just go on to work.  They said if you
were late again you'd get fired. We'll be okay. Beth and I have homework to
keep us busy."
     "Bye kids, remember I love you." Janet said, as she went out the front
door.
    "Bye Mom," they both replied.
    After she had left they sat down, at the old table that was part of the
"furnished" apartment, and began to study for school.  Bill was ahead of
everyone in his class, but it was only because he didn't do anything after
school but study. He didn't have to work very hard, the community college in
the city was far behind even his old high school.  But what else could they do? 
Theirfather had left them penniless when he died, and Janet wanted them to
devoteall their time to school work and get themselves outof this mess. She
workedtwo jobs so they would have money for food and such.
    When she had finished her homework, Beth put away her books and stood up.
She said to her brother, "I'm going to get ready for bed."
    He waited for a few minutes after she had left the room and then crept
down the darkened hallway.  Lately, Beth had been leaving the door ajar,
instead of closing it as she usually did when she was in the bathroom. Bill
stood outside, hidden in the darkness, to watch what had become her nightly
ritual.
    Inside the other room, just as she had been doing for weeks, Beth was
posing in front of the full length mirror. Bill watched in expectation as she
brushed the soft down that was growing at the top of her pubescent mound. He
could see her nipples hardening in the chill air as she began to rub her
vulva.  As Bill stared in at his sister, she moved her hand went up and down
the furry mound, her middle finger slid between the lips and brushed her
clitoris.  She gasped as her finger tip grazed the pink pearl, sending waves
of pleasure through her young body. 
    Bill opened the fly on his jeans, pulled out his hardening prick and began
to stroke it while watching her.  he thought, "this is better than looking at
the dog-eared copies of the porno magazines I fished out of the trash behind
the building."  He was getting tired of just fantasizing about fucking. He
wanted to know what it felt like to actually do what he had read about in
those letters.  "Do people really enjoy doing that?" he wondered, but his mind
was drawn back to what was going on before his eyes.
    As Beth played with her cunt, Bill became more and more aroused.  Watching
Beth finger herself, he wished he was the one touching and fondling his
sister's most private parts.  That he would be excited by thoughts of incest
shocked him.  Although he knew the very idea was condemned by society, he was
compelled to continue by a desire for his sister that was stronger than his
will power.  There was a moments panic as Beth look directly at the door. But
she must not have seen him, because she didn't stop masturbating.
    "What would she do if she knew that I wanted to fuck her," he thought. 
Would she be disgusted with this unnatural inclination, and tell Mom so they
would both hate him.  Bill was afraid to loose the last two people left in his
shattered life. 
    While Bill spied in on Beth, she continued to stimulate herself. She had
slipped the middle finger of one hand inside her vagina, and was pulling at a
nipple with her other.  Her breath increased matching the tempo of her
movements.  Reaching back,  she lightly caressed her buttocks.  Then she
slipped her index finger inside, so that now she had two fingers moving in and
out of her ever sweetening sex hole.
    Bill could see the glistening wetness of her pussy juice as it covered her
hand. From his hiding place, he could hear the moans of passion she couldn't
help making in her excitement. His cock jerked in his hand as he became more
aroused by her cries. He could feel himself start to peak, but before Bill
could achieve his release, Beth squealed as she brought herself to a
shuddering climax.  
    Not wanting his sister to catch him jacking off, Bill shoved his aching
prick into his pants and watched Beth put on her nightgown. He tried to gain
control of himself before she came out the door, but he couldn't hide the
bulge that revealed his arousal.
    "What are you looking at?" she grinned as she passed him on the way to the
bedroom that she and her mother shared. 
    "Nothing!" he replied angrily, "I need to pee real bad, and some people
spend their whole life in the john with no consideration for others." as he
rushed past her slammed and locked the door.
Once inside, he whipped out his still throbbing cock and started stroking it
again.  Normally he would look at the naked women in his porno magazines when
he jacked off.  But tonight, he began to fantasize that Beth's hand was
holding his cock.  His dick got harder and harder as he thought about his
sister caressing him.  Bill could almost feel her small soft hands running up
and down the shaft of his cock.  He could imagine her holding his balls as
they swelled with his seed.  The pressure began to build at the base of his
prick as he became more and more excited. 
    "UUNGH" he cried, as he felt the pressure release when his prick spewed
forth a hot gusher of come.  He kept pumping at his now deflating cock,
shooting his sperm shot into the toilet. Maybe this would satisfy his lust,
and he wouldn't have to think of incest, he hoped.
    Beth was curled up on the couch watching TV as he came out of the
bathroom.  The filmy baby doll nighty that she wore was too small for her
mature body, and he could see the outline of her pussy straining against the
tight crotch of her panties. The sight of her pouty lips parting the shining
nylon was turning him on. As he stared at the tiny hairs curling around the
elastic, he could feel his prick rising in his pants. Bill could picture her
naked body in his mind, and knew his desire would not be satisfied just by
jacking off again. But what could he do to find out if she felt the same way
he did?
    "My plan is finally starting to work," she thought. Beth could see his
crotch start to bulge as he stared at her.  "Now, all I need is for Bill to
cooperate and make the next move."  Knowing what the answer would be,  She
asked, "Do you have some notebook paper I could borrow? I need some for math
class tomorrow." 
    "Maybe I do, and maybe I don't." he answered, giving the usual reply to
what had become a regular joke between them. "What's in it for me?" 
    "What could I have that you could possibly want?" Beth inquired, coyly. 
"You know it's all we can do just to get by since dad left." she said to him.
As she turned to face her brother, the crotch of her panties slipped aside. 
She had to bite her lip to keep from moaning when the elastic rubbed against
her swollen clitoris.  She could see Bill's prick get larger as he stared at
her pussy. "Besides, Mom said we have to share everything." 
    Bill couldn't believe his ears.  He had been trying to think of a way to
hint at what he wanted.  Here she was showing her pussy and practcally asking
him to fuck. Tonight, his dreams had to come true.
    "What I want you to share is your body," he said.  "You've been going
around the house half naked just to tease me, and I've been watching what you
do in the bathroom every night," he continued. "It gets me so worked up I have
to jack off. But beating off isn't enough to satisfy me any more. I want to
find out what its like to FUCK, YOU!"
    "I was hoping you would say that, brother dear," she replied. "I'm just as
curious about sex as you are, and I'm glad you finally said something," she
went on.  "When I hear you jacking  off I want to go in and watch you play
with your thing. But I didn't know if you'd want me to, cause you close and
lock the door when ever you do it.  So I've been pretending that I,m with you
when I do it.  I even left the door open a bit, hoping you'd get the hint and
come in. When I do it, I pretend you are fucking me.  It  gets my pussy all
wet and sticky when I imagine your prick inside me."
    "You've been wanting me?" he asked, as he started to take off his shirt,
"I've been trying to hide the way I feel about you!  I was afraid if I shared
my feelings that you would be shocked. Incest is not something you can just
kind of casually talk about.  I was afraid you might be disgusted and hate me
forever. You and Mom are the only people left in my life right now and I don't
want to hurt either of you." 
    Beth gazed at his body as he removed his blue jeans.  She could see his
turgid cock straining against the dirty gray cotton of his underwear.  She
gasped as he took off his shorts.  Never having seen an erect penis before she
instantly loved the smooth roundness of it.  She could feel the juices start
to flow in her young pussy and her nipples started to harden as she pored over
her brother's body.  Her hopes and plans were coming to a focus, tonight she
would know what is was to be a complete woman.
    "Aren't you going to take your clothes off?" asked Bill after he had
stepped out of his undershorts. "I took all of mine off and now it's your
turn.  You aren't having second thoughts about doing this are you?" he
stammered.  
    "No, of course not," she nervously replied, as she stood up from the sofa.
"This is what I've been dreaming about."
    As her brother watched, Beth took off the panties that concealed the dark
triangle of hair covering her mound.  Her young breasts stood straight out
from her torso, the nipples rigid with excitement as she slipped out of the
top. At first they stood apart, staring at each other, not sure of what to do
next. Silently they stared at each other's bodies.  Trying to take in
everything at once.  
    She went over to her brother and held his prick in her hand.  She was
surprizes at the hardness of the shaft, compared to the softness of the spongy
head. She began, very slowly and gently, stroking his dick up and down. 
Cupping his balls in her other hand she could feel the crinkley pubic hair
tickling her palm.  A drop of precum glistened on the tip of her brothers
dick.  Leaning over Beth licked the drop of fluid from the tip of her
brother's penis, savoring the saltiness of it.  Bill moaned as she continued
down, closing her lips over the head of his dick.
    "Isn't that what they write about in those magazines you read" she asked,
pulling away from him and going over to the couch.  She sat down and spread
her legs exposing her dripping cunt. "I know where you hide them and I've been
reading them too.  I wish they would show pictures of naked men with big hard
dicks, instead of just women," she said, as she stroked the soft down of her
bush.
    Bill followed her over to the couch and sat down next to her. He put his
arms around her shoulders and asked, "What do you want to do?"
    "I want you to feel as good as I do right now." she purred, as she bit his
right nipple. "I want you to come for me," as she ran her tongue up and down
the shaft of her brother's cock.
    "Beth," moaned Bill, as she put the head of his dick into her mouth.  "Oh,
Beth this feels so good," he cried, as she took the entire shaft pressing her
lips against his belly.
    Pulling back half way, she rolled her tongue around the knob.  Tightening
her lips around the shaft she began to move her mouth up and down.  She cupped
his balls in her hand gently kneading them as Bill's passion began to mount.
She could feel his prick throbbing hotly as it went in and out of her hungry
mouth.
    "Sweet Beth," Bill gasped.  He was lost in a sea of sensations.  The
torrid wetness of her mouth mixed with the soft silkiness of her long hair on
the inside of his thighs.  Her hand on his balls sent waves of electricity up
his body.  He reached down to caress her breasts, rolling her budding nipples
between his fingers.
    "MMMMMM," she moaned, not wanting to let his dick slip from her mouth. She
continued to rock her head up and down, gently caressing his balls.  Beth took
her other hand and began stroking the shaft of Bill's dick.
    "Oh, Beth!" he cried, as he felt the pressure building within his scrotum. 
"Slow down, I'm going to come if you don't." 
    She looked her brother in the eye and said, "Go ahead and come baby. Come
in my mouth.  I want to drink your seed, dear brother." Beth whispered, while
she went down on him again, her hungry mouth sucking at his dick.
    Bill could feel himself building to a state he had never experienced
before.  The pressure in his balls was growing with each wave of electricity
that shot through him.  Finally he could contain himself no longer.
"I'm coming Beth," he gasped as cock erupted in a steaming gusher of his
juices.
    Beth almost choked as her mouth was flooded with her brother's semen.  She
could feel the spasms coming from deep in his loins. "Oh, Bill," she moaned as
she drank down his precious fluid.  She tightened her lips around the shaft,
not wanting to spill a single drop.  "I feel like a part of you is inside of
me forever," she murmured when she had swallowed the last spurt from his now
softening prick.  
    Bill drew her towards him. Pressing his mouth against hers, parting her
lips with his tongue he could taste the saltiness of the come that was still
in her mouth.
    Now it was Beth's turn for pleasure. Bill got up from the sofa and knelt
down between his sister's legs. He dropped his head to lick the hollow of her
neck. He kissed every inch of her young body down to her breasts.
    "Oh yes," cried Beth as he rolled the nipple between his teeth.
He kept kissing and licking until he reached the top of her pubic hair. As she
continued moan in passion he opened the lips of her cunt and saw the petals of
her sex unfold like a flower, the tiny clitoris nestled in the center above
her vagina.  He stared at the fur framed opening, not really believing that he
was this close to the object of his desire. The fact it was his sister's pussy
made it even more special for him.  He inhaled the muskey odor of her cunt
juices savoring the scent. Bringing his mouth closer he began licking at the
edges of her lips, tasting the nectar from her sweetening honey pot.  Beth
started to moan as Bill began to nibble and tug at her clit, working his way
down her front of her now throbbing pussy.  He thrust his tongue in and out of
her vagina as his nose rubbed her clit.  
    "Oh Bill," she cried.  "Oh baby," moaned Beth as she wrapped her legs
around her brother's head.  "I had no idea it could be this good.  Don't stop,
I could go on like this forever."  
    Bill began to lick her pussy lips, loving the feel of her pubic hair
brushing  against his own lips.  His probing tongue began to work it's way
down past her vagina.  He gently bit at her butt, licking and nibbling his way
inward.  Spreading her cheeks, he licked his way down towards the tight brown
hole.
    "Oh God!" she cried as he licked the rim of her bung hole.  "Oh yes, oh
baby, oh it's so good, oh yeah, fuck my ass hole with your tongue!" she cried,
pressing her back side tight up against her brother's hungry mouth.
"Oh Bill, I'm going to come!" Beth cried as she felt the hot softness of
Bill's tongue probing inside of her.  She relaxed the taut sphincter so he
could reach deep inside her rectum. "Oh yes," she screamed as the walls of her
vagina shuddered and she climbed to a height of ecstasy she had never reached
before. She could feel his hot saliva dripping down her leg, as his tongue
went in and out of her anus.
    "Don't come yet," he said. "I want to fuck your pussy."  Eating his
sister's asshole, had brought his spent cock back to life. Raising up he
pushed his throbbing member against her cunt.  The tip of his turgid penis
slid into the channel, but stopped when it encountered her hymen.  He thrust
his hips forward, but his cock wouldn't budge.
    "No Billy, don't come in me.  I might get pregnant."
    "Okay then, let me fuck your ass."  He went to the bathroom and returned
in a moment slathering his prick with vaseline.  He knelt and rubbed a
fingerful of the goo into her crack. Pressed his rod against her anus, the
greased pole slid easily, filling her rectum.
    "Oh God," she cried as he forced his cock inside her gut. She relaxed her
asshole even more as he began to thrust his prick in and out, his tumescent
shaft going deeper into her waiting rectum with each stroke.
    Bill pumped his cock in and out of her juicy hole. He couldn't believe the
incredible tightness of her ass. He could feel her asshole pulse with
excitement as the muscles gripped his dick.
    "Yeah, baby, your ass feels so good."
    "Fuck my ass, Billy. Oh yeah, fuck my ass hard," she cried. "Give me all
of it, baby. Shove your cock all the way in"
    Beth squealed as her brother pulled his dick out of her asshole, then
quickly thrust in the entire length. She loved the feeling as his balls
slapped her clitoris when he slammed his dick in her. Bill kept pumping away
at her ass, pulling his cock out so that just the head was inside her, then
thrusting his hips until his belly slammed against her cheeks. He could feel
himself building to climax again with each stroke.
    "I'm going to come again." He cried.
    "Give it to me, Bill. Come, brother dear, come in my ass. I want your hot
come inside me!"
    "Oh, Yes," he hollered, when he shot his load inside her. He could feel
her asshole gripping his cock as he released spurt after spurt of his steaming
jism deep in her rectum. He continued to pump his softening cock in and out
till it was totally limp.
--
