
                                  BRENBLK6.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                              Brenda's Gone Black
                            (and she won't go back)
                                  (continued)
                                   Chapter 6

      He wore a muscle shirt with skin tight, knee length spandex shorts that
hilighted his tall, slender yet powerful physique.  He looked as though he
could easily whip any man in the room.  Brenda gasped out loud when she noticed
something amazing about his bulge -- instead of folding his cock in the crotch
of his shorts, this Black telephone pole snaked down one leg of his shorts,
extending over half way to his knee!!

      The spandex was so tight around his thigh that even from across the room
she could easily see the outline of a very, very large cock-head.  Our juicy,
overheating blonde had to get a closer look! She repositioned herself down the
bar just a few chairs from that mouth watering morsel and gawked in open mouth
disbelief, her bright blue eyes as big as saucers!  The Black buck knew what
effect he had on the scrumptious little blonde, but he pretended as though she
weren't there and casually rotated on the stool and spread his long muscular
legs wide to give her a most favorable view.  Brenda took in a close-up peek of
that thick, throbbing Black muscle that snaked down the studs leg and almost
passed out!  Her nipples AND her aureoles were swollen and protruding obscenely
through her blouse.  The precious little white girl's panties were thoroughly
soaked with lust.

      Oblivious to the fact that she and the stud were the center of attention
for the entire club, Brenda hungrily lipped her sensuous lips in a wide-eyed
trance-like state as she unconsciously inched closer and closer towards the
massive object of her obscene desires.

      'If ever there was a compelling argument for racial integration,' she
thought, 'then I must be looking at it'.

      Of course, Brenda knew, if her father were to witness this scene he would
emotionally declare that this is precisely why we should not be integrated.

      Too late for that Daddy!!

      Still held hostage by his presence, the diminutive blonde found herself
on the stool next to her Black knight, her intense gaze never once straying
from his proud display.  The tall Black man stood up and Brenda found herself
face to face with a mouthwatering column of manhood.  This Black stud had
banged many a white girl and he knew exactly how to handle this particular
situation.

      "Like what you see, little white girl?," he bellowed with his hands on
his hips.

      "Y-Y-Yes I do," Brenda submissively whimpered. "It's at least three times
larger than all those others" she confessed as her hand vaguely pointed toward
their attentive audience.  At this all the men quickly turned away in shame but
all the women within earshot were transfixed by what was taking place.

      "I don't usually do white girls," he lied, "Most can't handle what I put
to em'."

      "Oh please let me try," she pleaded still staring hard at his balls while
trying to imagine how much Black man's fuck juice they contained.

      "I'll do my very best to please you in every possible way."

      "My name is Cedric, but you must call me 'Daddy' cause tonight your gonna
be my little girl and I'm gonna teach you much more than your father ever did
or ever can."  Cedric figured that it was time to find out just how obedient
this blue-eyed slut would be.

      "Massage my meat, little girl," he commanded. Suddenly Brenda remembered
that they were in a public place.  Glancing around, she noticed that EVERYONE
was watching to see what she would do.  A very strange mixture of humiliation,
shame, and excitement coursed through her tender, young body as her trembling
hand advanced slowly toward his bulge.  Contact was made. Brenda palmed that
thick, hot column way down near the cock-head and began the long, sensuous
stroke toward that massive basket.  The little white girl gasped loudly and
visibly had an intense orgasm before her hand had even traveled halfway up that
slutfucker.

      Brenda couldn't take it anymore.  Abandoning all respect for her heritage
and upbringing, the lovely young blonde dropped to her knees and began
passionately kissing and nuzzling Cedric's big beefy crotch.  She shamelessly
and profusely begged to be raped by his superior Black tool.

      "Please fuck me deep and impregnate my white womb," she pleaded. Cedric
looked down at his newfound slave haughtily.

      "Take off your panties, white bitch," he barked.  She eagerly complied,
bending over to step out of the lacy pink linen, exposing her delicate little
mound to the crowd.  Frustrated hardons sprang up all across the room. Everyone
noticed that the studs massive penis was considerably longer than it was a few
minutes earlier -- also much thicker.  The bulbous head now snaked down over
3/4's of the length to his knee, another inch or so and it would be peeking out
from the hem of his skintight, knee length shorts.

      "Now move your little white cunt into that men's room and chase those
little boys out," he commanded, "then wait for the fuck of your life."

      "Yes daddy," Brenda sighed then scurried off to obey her orders, her
hands covering her naked pussy.

      "Daddy" savagely fucked that little white girl right there in the mens
room of that dingy little dance club.  The drama of his domination and of her
submission was amplified by the tile walls as it drifted out into the club for
all to hear.  For only the second time, Brenda's sweet, tight twat was being
stretched well beyond the humble limitations of any mere white prick and our
little nymphomaniac wanted all those eavesdroppers to be made aware of this
fact.  She was very vocal as she squealed, whimpered, and begged her ebony
master to give her the satisfaction noone else could possibly provide!

      That sensuous itch deep inside Brenda's incredibly tight love tunnel was
being "scratched" in a very big, Black way.  "Daddy" fucked her in a total of
twelve different positions -- teaching his helpless student all about the
advantages that only a very, VERY long poker could provide.  Many of the
depraved and deliciously degrading breeding positions that Brenda was subjected
too, would have been physically impossible for an average length prick to
execute! The tiny blonde was stretched to her extreme limit by the entire
length and girth of her Black master's tool and she had experienced so many
deep, vaginal climaxes that she eventually lost count.  The half dozen or so
girls who were eavesdropping, however, were keeping a careful mental tally of
each vocal shriek of ecstasy.

      Two hours and thirty two orgasms later the Black sex master deposited his
fourth, and final, blast of hot, pungent semen over the whimpering slut's face
and outstretched tongue. Pints of his hot nigger seed blasted forth from that
Black leviathan. Cedric felt that she had endured heroically and decided to
reward her by subjecting the young bitch to lesson #2 : "HOW TO BE A BLACK
MAN'S STREET WHORE"

      "Put your clothes on honkey bitch," Cedric barked.

      "I'm taking you out in public, where you will learn to please my whims!."

      Brenda frantically tried to collect all her clothes from the floor of the
men's pissroom as "Daddy" grasped a shock of her silky hair and began pulling
her out into the club, past all those open-mouth stares, and out onto the
street.  She was still trying to get her skimpy clothes put on -- and here she
stood before the world: still topless, large quantities of negro spunk dripping
from her chin, her face held up by her hair for everyone to see.  Noone came
forward to her defense -- possibly because the scene had all the appearance of
a hooker being taught a lesson by her Black pimp, but probably because of the
towering, menacing image of Cedric.  He had the ability to strike fear in mens
minds

      Cedric grabbed the slut's arm and thrust it down the front of his shorts
till Brenda's small hand slipped over his incredibly thick stalk. This he did
in full view of at least 50 people!  The white girl acted distressed and shamed
but in reality she was savoring every moment of this public performance.

      'They must be scandalized', she thought to herself,  'especially the
white guys'.

      Cedric began walking down the crowded sidewalk with his little blonde
muffin in tow (her hand still down his crotch) as they both took notice of the
incredulous facial reactions people exhibited upon seeing the unlikely couple.
By now Brenda had managed to get her top back on but "Daddy" kept pulling it up
to brutally pinch her lust swollen nipples. Completely consumed with lust the
overheated nymph alternated between passionately sucking on his Black, muscular
biceps and publicly begging the horse-hung stud to rape her tight, white hole
once again. Cedric continued to exhibit his prize around town throughout the
night. Brenda felt that she must be the luckiest white girl in the world!

      Brenda arrived back home at sunrise.  Her scant clothing was rumpled and
her baby fine hair and pixie cute face were caked with "Daddy's" residual
semen. Brenda's breath smelled like a sperm bank! Our Nordic maiden was
pantyless, Cedric had kept them as a trophy of his conquest (leaving the young
nymph to wonder just how extensive his panty collection was?), and more of the
Black buck's cum was leaking from her outrageously distended twat.  In short,
the blonde sexpot had all the appearances of a prostitute coming home from a
hard nights work.  More than one early rising neighbor noticed this and Brenda
could care less.

      'They may know that I got fucked last night', she giggled to herself,
'but they would fall over dead if they knew the "dark" truth of it.'

      Despite her appearance, or rather because of it, our sweet young deb had
never felt more alive and contented in all the eighteen years  of her life.  It
was a contentment that she was destined to experience countless times to come.

      Locking herself in her room, she popped her forbidden tape into her VCR
and propped herself up in her bed to drink in the sights and sounds of all that
forbidden sex.  Within a few moments the tapes had removed her satisfaction and
replaced the void with that now familiar hunger.  The pornography she had long
desired and now possessed lived up to her expectations.  Brenda watched in wide
eyed amazement as various young, white debs struggled to consume a wide variety
of dark skin donkey dongs and though they came in many different shapes -- they
were all impressively long!  Brenda diddled her cunt carefully -- it would be
very tender for the next few days but she was relieved to find that the soft,
moist membranes of her delicate pussy were contracting back to its original
small size.

      Our slutty blonde was thrilled to discover that she would be "white-girl
tight" for her next Black adventure!

      God, how she couldn't wait!

                    ......................to be continued in
                           BRENDA GETS BLACKED! CH. 7
