Bust Up
by:
DrEnlarge@aol.com
c 1994
      
     Nina watched as Alan walked hand in hand with Lori.  Hatred formed as
heat in her palms, making them sweat.  Alan was her man!  That hussy had
no right to him!  Just because she was 15 to her 13 and was more developed
didn't mean she was better.  Nina grunted and stomped off to the locker
room. 
     Inside, she flipped off her clothes and began to dress for PE. 
Noticing her spindly figure in the mirror, she almost cried.  She would
turn out to be very sexy, her mother kept assuring her.  If she didn't,
she could always whip up a potion to change that.  Witches have that
privilege. 
     Nina was an apprentice witch of one year now.  Her mother had started
her working for the local hag royal as a ingredient fetcher.  Now and then
she had gotten to take peeks into the Big Book, one that reeked of evil
and death.  Last week, when Alan had announced his plans to break up with
Nina, she had held off on casting a love spell to bring him back.  But
when she'd found out it was because Lori Thompson had wanted him, she
declared war. 
     The night before, Nina had zipped into the Hag's spell room and
written down a couple of minor spells to practice.  After a couple of
successful attempts, she had been able to perform a couple of them, ones
she deemed fitting for her revenge. 
     Nina ducked behind a door as the cheerleaders entered in to change. 
They always headed off to a separate room to practice instead of the
actual PE gym with the rest of the students.  Lori, entering last, took
the longest in getting changed.  From her viewpoint, Nina got to see the
reasons why Alan was hooked on her.  A 36C chest on a 24 waist looked
good, even to Nina.  Her long flowing red hair and green eyes almost
mesmerized Nina sometimes.  She had caught other girls staring at Lori,
but one just couldn't help it sometimes.  Lori emitted a glow of
perfection..one that Nina was destined to change. 
     As the rest of the cheerleaders left, Lori finished pulling her
sweater over her white athletic bra.  Nina sat down on the floor
Indian-style and began her spell recital in her head.  Concentrating on
Lori's chest, she began to murmur to herself the spell words, softly so as
not to be heard. 
     Lori bent over to tie her shoe she had propped up on the bench.  As
she breathed out, she felt a significant tug on her bra strap.  Through
the V-neck of her sweater, she saw something that made her jaw drop...her
bust was inflating!  And not slowly either! 
     In a matter of seconds, her breasts billowed out to the bra's
breaking point, snapping the two hooks from the back.  She found herself
slowly arching her back, so as to not succumb to the increasing gravity
pull brought on by her ballooning tits.  The sweater pulled away from her
body, making the fabric groan as it was being stretched around her. 
Placing her hands around her breasts in a vain attempt to hold them back,
she found her hands soon couldn't meet in the middle.  The V-neck began to
stretch downward, pulled by her watermelon-sized hooters.  Lori was almost
at a 45 degree angle to the bench, trying to keep a balance between her
boobs and gravity, when she began to wince in pain.  Her once wide-open
eyes squinted shut as her expanding mammaries began to split apart her now
skin-tight sweater. 
     "Oh gggggggod!" Lori grunted as she stood up straight, blasting her
boobs from the confines of the sweater.  They landed about her, two fleshy
beach balls that straddled the bench.  She stared down at her blimping
body, not knowing what to do. 
     Nina stopped chanting.  She grinned at Lori's predicament.  Seeing
Lori at such a size was almost erotic to Nina, but for now it was funny. 
She heard footsteps approaching the door, and moved quickly.  Crossing her
fingers, she tapped them twice together.  Instantly, Lori's breasts shrunk
back to normal, leaving nothing but a shattered bra and a torn sweater
dangling around her nubile chest. 
     "What are you waiting for, an invitation?" the cheerleader teacher
asked upon entering.  She saw Lori, still staring down at her breasts. 
     "What the heck?" 
     "I...I don't know...they..." Lori stammered, not knowing what to say. 
Nina suppressed her chuckles, trying to remain hidden from sight.  Oh, to
have learned a cloaking spell!  Yes, Nina was going to have plenty of fun. 
     Lori said nothing about what had happened to her in the locker room
that day, or at least nothing Nina heard about.  She wondered what must be
going through Lori's mind right about now after an event such as the one
she had created.  Allowing herself a small smile, she packed away her
books in her locker and proceeded to leave for the park. 
     A daily ritual with most of the students during the last week of
school, the kids gathered at the recently opened pool to wash away their
final test worries.  Outside the gate, they stood awaiting the opening of
the pools' doors for business.  Nina snuck around to the side of the pool
and took up a position near a hole in the fence.  From it, she could see
the entire pool deck area.  Alan and Lori were in the pool together,
attaching the deep end line markers to the sides of the pool. 
     Seeing Alan and Lori playfully splashing around sent waves of hate
seething through Nina again.  It seemed amazing that Lori could have
totally forget what had happened to her just hours ago.  She must really
be as air- headish as she acted.  And all this time, Nina had thought it
to be an act.  It made her almost feel bad about what she was about to
unleash on Lori...almost. 
     The second Alan headed into the clubhouse to help the other
lifeguards prepare for the human wave of kids building outside their door,
Nina began to do her chant again.  As she did, she stared intently at
Lori. 
     Lori, who most boys came to the pool to ogle at, was wearing a blue
one piece that had widening straps which covered her breasts, joining
together at her navel and completing the suit.  Her cleavage, although
slightly apparent in most of her wardrobe, was blatantly evident now. 
Parents had even complained a bit due to the "show" her suit put on, but
to no avail.  No man in their right mind would have told her to quit
wearing that suit.  As she glided through the water, hair flowing behind
her, she looked to Nina like some swimsuit model.  That was about to
change. 
     Lori stopped doing her laps and stood still, as if listening for
something.  She then began to hunker down in the water a bit, almost as if
se was adjusting the crotch of her suit.  Her eyes widened, and she
immediately began running for the side of the pool.  Lifting herself out,
a strange noise began to emanate from her.  As her crotch lifted from the
water, a loud sucking sound, like a straw that had hit the bottom of a
drinking glass, came from that area!  Lori stuck her hand down there,
trying to stop the sound, but it just amplified it. 
     "What is going on out there?" came from the clubhouse.  Alan began to
come out from the area and Lori, not knowing what was happening, jumped
back in the water to silence the noise coming from her clit.  She turned
and faced Alan. 
     "Nothing, hon.  Don't open just yet, ok?  I want to check something
out." 
     "We open in two minutes, whether you like it or not.  Those people
will hang us if we don't.  Better get ready."  Alan went back inside the
clubhouse.  Lori's eyes grew wide again as she looked around her.  The
level of the pool was dropping!  She walked around, trying to see what
might be happening, all the while coming closer to the side of the pool
where Nina was watching.  As she approached the side of the pool closest
to Nina, Nina clenched her fist tight.  Lori seemed to almost orgasm
facially, gripping tight to the side of the pool.  Her teeth grit hard,
she looked down at her wide-spread legs.  The water level of the pool was
dropping an inch a second.  Water currents could be seem streaming toward
Lori's middle.  Where was it all going?  As the water level reached the
bottom of Lori's suit, Nina unclenched her hands.  Lori slowly stood
upright, noticeably shaken.  She examined herself.  A small patch of her
swimsuit was missing, exposing her clit.  The water level was now
constant, but at least 3 ft below normal.  Breathing heavily, Lori began
to wade across the pool.  Nina concentrated again, and began to blow air
inside her cheeks, making them fill up. 
     Lori stopped wading and looked down at herself again.  Her perfect
stomach was rumbling so loud that even Nina could hear it a little.  Lori
closed her eyes and began to sway slowly.  Something was happening inside
her.  She rubbed her hands over her stomach, then up and down her side. 
Her hips gyrated slowly. 
     "Oh god," Lori said uncontrollably.  "It's too much!  It's too big! 
I'm going to explode!" 
     Lori screamed a small orgasmic scream and immediately arched her
back, thrusting her breasts into her now tightened suit.  Instantly, Nina
saw her bosom leap outward from her, filling up the straps in a blink. 
Lori's eyes remained closed and her hands ran to clasp together on her
stomach as her chest swelled like nuclear explosions.  In a heartbeat, her
boobs blasted her suit off them, inflating faster that Nina had imagined
they would.  Lori fell to her knees, causing her tits to make a tremendous
splash in the waist-high water.  Now up to her neck, the water added
buoyancy to her rapidly expanding bra-busters, now the size of
beach-balls.  Lori moaning and squirmed, placing her now-dwarfed hands on
the top of her stretching tits, rubbing them hard. 
     "We're opening the doors in 10 seconds, hon!" screamed Alan from the
clubhouse.  Lori paid no mind to the news, still swaggering under the
sensation of her ballooning breasts.  Growing 6" a second now, they seemed
to be the size of a Volkswagen Bug, spreading out with the help of the
water.  Her nipples looked to be the size of small trash cans.  Nina
grinned at the sight of this "goddess" attached to two huge balloons that
would smother ten people each now.  The entire shallow end of the pool
seemed to become the holding area for the biggest pair of tits in the
universe, and they were still growing. 
     Lori was being pushed into the opposite wall by her own massing bulks
of tit flesh.  When she touched the other side, a pink mountain of boobs
began to rise from the pool, having hit the other side and having no where
to grow but up and out.  Lori flailed her arms as the boob blob continued
to expand, her little frame pinned between her cleavage and the wall of
the pool.  Her arms were now almost pointing straight toward the sky as
they lay on the expanding udders.  It was such an extraordinary sight. 
Nina could almost hear Lori's skin stretching to accommodate the tits from
hell. 
     "Here they come!!!" was yelled from the clubhouse.  Nina let the air
from her mouth in one blast, blowing around some leaves around her.  In an
instant, the tits began to shrink back towards Lori.  In 3 seconds, they
all but disappeared.  Lori stood silent for a second, then grabbed her
crotch.  A torrent of water blasted from her clit, beginning to fill the
pool again.  So strong was the stream that Lori was actually lifted from
the ground about one foot.  She screamed in utter climax, her naked chest
bobbing with each breath.  In nothing flat, the pool was filled again, and
the water stopped.  Lori fell back to the ground again, going underwater. 
     Kids streamed from the restroom exits, diving for the pool.  One
little boy who made it first was geared with goggles.  He dove into the
pool head-first.  When he opened his eyes, he saw something he'd never
forget...a half-naked girl floating on the bottom of the pool.  He watched
as Lori came to her senses, then bobbed up for air.  His first erection
wasn't to far behind that moment. 
     "Lori!?!  What are you doing!?" screamed Alan as he grabbed a towel
from a child and threw it over Lori. 
     "I don't know what's happening.  I grew, then the water went away..." 
Lori mumbled, staggering toward the clubhouse. 
     Nina got up from her viewing place and sprinted around to the front
of the clubhouse.  She made it to the front window just as the attendants
were sitting Lori down in a chair. 
     "What's going on fellas?" Nina asked innocently. 
     "Lori is not feeling well," one of the other boy lifeguards responds. 
Nina looked him up and down.  Where had he been all her life? 
     "You look like you are doing juuuust fine though," Nina cooed.  The
lifeguard blushed, then hopped the partition to talk face to face with
Nina.  He put his arm around her and walked her toward his car.  Nina
looked over her shoulder one more time to see Alan's confused look as she
stared at Lori's quivering figure. 
     "She will be a bit more human now," Nina chuckled. 
