     I held her, not moving.  Then I pushed her under the shower
head with me so that both of us might cool down.  We bathed each
other from top to bottom, and as we did so, she shoved a soapy
finger up my asshole which felt surprisingly good.  "You like that,
don't you!" she said with that sensual smile.
     The shower was very large, big enough to lie down in, and
that's what we did.  It was Allison's idea, and I followed her
lead.  I knelt down so that my cock was pointing at Allison's
mouth, about two inches away.  At the same time, my own mouth and
tongue went to work on those scarlet wet pussy lips between her
thighs, and her clit which was now standing up.
     She reached up, grabbing my cock and drawing it into her
mouth.  She practically swallowed me.  Her mouth worked like a
human suction cup as she mouthed and licked my penis.
     She was good, but there was no chance to tell her so.  I was
sucking and licking her cunt and she was doing the same to my cock
with her sensuous mouth.
     She began undergoing a series of climaxes, one right after the
other.  Little earthquakes that shook her, making her cry out.  Her
legs clamped against my head as each convulsive orgasm hit her.  It
would subside, and then my mouth would bring her to still another. 
I could feel her building toward the big one now, and she locked
her legs around me.  I could hardly breathe, locked in between her
thighs as I was.
     My nose was buried in her delectable ass, cum was running down
her legs and she was totally wild.  All I could do was lick and
suck as she built toward her grand-slam climax.
     And all of this time my cock was pistoning in and out of her
mouth.  As she exploded in the throes of that ultimate climax, she
feverishly sucked my cockhead, willing the cum out of my balls.  I
exploded furiously into her throat then, blowing her away with a
huge fireball of cum.  Her cheeks filled and it began running out
from between her lips and down her chin onto her neck and tits.  I
continued to cum in spewing spurts, while at the same time that
lovely cunt of hers was practically gushing cream as an incredibly
violent climax surged through her, leaving her shaken with ecstasy.
     I had trouble believing I had just fucked three beautiful
women who were eager for more.  The three of us went to bed.  Just
as I began to slip away into well-earned sleep, Peggy and Lucy
joined Allison and me on the bed.  We fell asleep together. 
Tomorrow would be another beautiful day...
 
