[Chapter 8  Miss Kitty Takes a Bath]

Linda Short had taught me a lot of what I knew about sex.  Especially
concerning the oral side of things.  She had been a truly expert
cocksucker, and expected good head in return.  Luckily, she was happy
to instruct me on the particulars of eating pussy, which she claimed to
have done once or twice to her girlfriends.

But although I had mildly enjoyed it, it was not my favority thing.
Linda's pussy was very hairy - too hairy, really.  And she was very
agressive.  I often ended up with a sore neck.

Ann was another story entirely.  I laid her back on that rough
blanket, lifted her skirt up around her waist, and slid her panties down,
leaving them looped around one ankle.  Ann's pussy was a lovely sight,
as always.  A trimmed, pretty little V of hair on top, but a smooth,
pink, hairless little pussy.  Her firm smooth thighs were like a
picture frame around that little bud, and I kicked myself for not
having thought of eating her myself.  What a treasure.

I began by nibbling her labia while stroking the insides of her thighs
with my fingernails.  Her response was immediate and gratifying.  She
placed her hands on my head, fingers gripping my hair gently, and
moaned as she rocked her hips slowly.  Slowly, I began to insert a 
finger into her hot little hole, and moved my tongue up to her clit, 
stroking it with long, hard, sloppy licks.  She began to shudder with 
each tongue stroke, and I coordinated the action of my finger so that 
each time she shuddered, my finger was buried deep inside her and I 
could stroke the "roof" of her vagina.  This was years before anyone 
would speak of a woman's G-spot, but Linda had known what felt good and 
had never hesitated to tell me.  After a few mintues of slow licks and 
deep fingering, Ann seemed on the verge of hysteria.

"I....  I....  Oh god that's so....  um....  fffffffffffffuck it....
ooooooooooo...." she spoke in breathy, short gasps.  Her hips were
moving in a slow, tight circle and I knew she was ready to come.  So I
closed my lips over her clit, and began to suck it while flicking at
the very tip with my tongue.  I inserted a second finger into her pussy
and felt the rush begin.

She moaned, a long, high, hoarse moan, and lifted her little butt into
the air about 6 inches.  Her thighs were as hard as stone and
quivering like a tuning fork.  Her hands pressed my head firmly into 
her crotch as I sucked her. And she came and came and came.

"Ssssssssssssssss, oh, oh, oh, fuck, ohhhhhhhhhhhh"

All of a sudden she was pulling at my shoulders, trying to bring my
face to hers.  I was confused at first, but her hands found my belt buckle
and began frantically to undo it and then my pants.  She wanted my
dick. I was glad to oblige since I was as hard as I could ever remember
being.

I lowered my jeans and slipped my cock into her boiling pussy.  I had
never entered her mid-come like that, and the feeling was
indescribable; like sinking into a mouth filled with hot butter.  Her 
pussy walls clamped onto me like they had a will of their own, and we 
began the most vigorous fuck I can remember ever experiencing.  Ann was 
wild, simply wild, tearing at her blouse and pressing my mouth to her 
nipple.  She was lost in a world of obscene lust.

"Fuck me fuck me fuck me, oh god your dick, oh jesus oh fuck me oh
god...  hmmmmmmmmmm, huuuuuuuuuuuh, uh uh uh, fuck it fuck me, oh, oh,
ffffffffffffuck me, oh I love you..."

She came again, and I spurted into her, just as she said "I love you",
her words buried in the deep ecstasy of my orgasm.  Afterwards, I lay
on top of her, my diminishing cock still inside her, while she stroked my
head with her hands and kissed my hair.  We were still mostly clothed,
but somehow this was the sexiest moment ever between us.  My cock
roused again while still inside her and we fucked again.

And a third time.  It was dark by the time we left the hillside.

On the drive home, Ann seemed very animated and very curious.  "I have
to know," she said, a broad smile on her face, "where you learned to
do that.  I mean, that was incredible!"

"Linda Short," I said, remembering Linda's small tits and hot mouth.

"Who?  I don't think I know her."

"No, you wouldn't.  She was visiting our neighbors last summer - a
relative from out of town.  She was... experienced.  She'd done pretty
much everything."

"And she taught you how to do that to a girl with your mouth?"  Ann
seemed genuinely interested, though there was a slight hint of jelousy
in her voice.

"It's called eating pussy.  Yeah, she taught me.  She'd done it
herself,
actually."

"To another girl!?"  Ann's voice was a high squeak of suprise, but
there was something else there too.  Exicetement, perhaps?  Or had 
Ann had an encounter she was not telling me about?

"That's what she said.  I believed it too.  Linda was really wild.  I
met her when she climbed the fence that seperates our back yards - no
joke.  I was sunbathing in my jockeys and she just climbed over and
started talking to me.  In a bikini, at the time."

Ann's jelousy was a bit easier to see now, but she continued to ask
questions.  "Did you do it with her that night?"

"Heh.  That day.  About an hour after we met.  I was home alone, and
once I told her that it was wham-bam.  I guess you'd say Linda's
pretty much a slut."

"At least."

"Well, at the time she was like a gift from heavan.  It was the
beginning of the summer, she was going to be there another two months,
and, well, I felt that everything was set up perfecftly.  It was, too,
though she dated other guys all along."

"Other guys she'd met here?"

"Yeah.  The girl could not get enough.  Incredible."

Ann was quiet for a while.  I think she was a bit upset, jealous and
shocked and maybe a little dubious about her own arousal.  Finally she
said "Well, I can't blame anyone but myself, can I?"

"For what?" I asked.

"Well, I would not have given you a second look before...  Before this
semester.  I was so into myself.  Yes.  I'm glad you had your summer
with Linda."  She looked satisfied and resolved.

