
                                 Three On A Bed

Being an avid reader, I enjoy the numerous sex books on the market. I guess my
favorite stories are the ones having to do with threesomes. Knowing this, my
husband found a young lady to spend a memorable night in our home.

Her name was Diane. Just 23, she had the nicest body I'd ever seen. Big tits
and a small waist lead to a softly curving ass that was made for fucking. As
Mike explained about the threesome, she smiled at me.

Being a bit nervous, I lay back on the couch. As my tits streched the fabric
of my blouse, Diane laid her hand on one soft mound and rotated her palm until
my nipple burst forth like a small ripening piece of fruit. As my nipples
started to swell, I began to unbutton the blouse. Diane started to lick one
then the other, causing me to strain her mouth. She pulled one fat nip into
her mouth as her hand raised my skirt and rubbed my clit through the fabric of
my panties.

Mike watched the scene on the couch as his cock swelled. He released his
throbbing member as both Diane and I undressed.

Mike kissed me as Diane parted my legs for better access to my cunt. Feeling
her tongue lick my brownish pink lips, I quivered with delight. Mike put his
cock into my mouth, pushing until the fat head hit the roof of my mouth. I
sucked it all in, my nose buried in his pubic hair. Diane sucked my cunt,
pulling the lips wide so that my clit was exposed. Her tongue rubbed the
inside of my pussy until I could stand it no longer. I bucked against her
mouth, causing the juice of my lust to coat her lips and chin.

Diane moved up as Mike removed his stiff hard cock from my mouth. I turned so
that with Diane on her hands and knees we were in a 69. Mike greased Diane's
asshole for some butt fucking. She moaned as he pulled her ass cheeks apart
and drove the head of his prick into the tight little hole. I fastened my lips
on her clit and sucked the hard little pebble into my mouth. Mike pulled her
ass to him as he filled her bottom with his bubbly come. I licked at her cunt,
loving the taste of her come combined with the overflow of Mike's come from
her asshole.

As Mike smoked a joint, Diane and I explored each other's bodies. Mike
produced another hard on at the sight of Diane and I looking deep into each
other's spread pussies.

Noting his stiff pole, both Diane and I found our way to Mike's body. He laid
back as Diane engulfed his cock between her lips. She sucked the purple head
deep into her throat, releasing it only to gobble it down again. I managed to
stuff his large balls into my mouth.  Once I had them in I started to hum way
back in my throat. I continued to hum as I rolled the hairy nuts around in my
mouth. The humming, combined with Diane's expert blowjob, caused Mike to
squirm. He pushed his cock down Diane's throat until he bucked his hips and
shot his load.

Having satisfied Mike, Diane and I reached hungrily for each other. We
searched the insides of each other's mouths, our hands mashing tits and
pulling nipples. I parted the lips of her hot cunt and inserted my finger into
her dampness. The warmth of her pussy closed around my searching finger. I
felt the tip of her womb and pushed against it.

Like a man possessed, Mike split my cunt, sending shock waves through my
feverish body. Diane's cunt started to expand as her climax approached. I
inserted four fingers, amazed at the extra room inside her. As she drenched my
fingers with her creamy love juice, I pushed my whole hand into her pussy. My
fist moved in her cunt, our rhythm now in sync. When she started to come I
moved my hand faster. She came in a torrent of juice, her muscles pulling on
my hand as if to draw it into her every core. She screamed as wave after wave
shook her body. At last, her body relaxed, releasing her cunt hold on my wrist.

My hips were rising to meet the cock beating my cunt. I bucked against the
meat like a bitch in heat, clawing his ass in a desperate attempt to pull more
of his hot prick into me. As his cock throbbed deep inside my pussy, Diane
inserted her raspy tongue into Mike's spread asshole. Feeling her tongue ream,
Mike shot his molten spray into my cunt. The hot jism sent me into bucking,
screaming orgasm.

As we slept, I was finally content. My body peaceful, waiting for the next
time.
