Archive-name: Bondage/boss03.txt
Archive-author: Dr. Phil
Archive-title: Boss, The - Part 3


  The following Wednesday, Michele decided to pay a visit to the
Evans Agency to see how "smelly twat" was faring under her new
mistress. As part of the sales agreement, Joyce Evans had promised
to bring Maryanne back to her former office one day a week, but
Michele was itching to see her in her new environment.
  For years Maryanne and Joyce had battled over clients. The Evans
Agency was the "enemy" and Joyce Evans was "that bitch". Now the
Evans Agency was Maryanne's new home and "that bitch" had complete
control over her. Complete control to get even with her for all the
raw deals Maryanne had dealt her over the years. Joyce was a
vindictive bitch and the fact that she was willing to pay $50,000
to purchase Maryanne was an indication that she intended to get her
money's worth... out of Maryanne's ass!
  Michele called first to ask if she could visit. Joyce seemed
delighted to hear from her and assured her that she was always
welcome. At noontime Michele drove her Jag across town and parked
it in the lot behind the Evans Agency. When she walked in the front
door, everything seemed normal. There were three women sitting at
their desks and typing or talking on phones. When she was shown
into Joyce's private office, however, she was greeted with a much
different sight!
  Joyce was leaning back in her leather chair with her feet crossed
on her large polished desk. On the floor about three feet away was
a very uncomfortable Maryanne. She was naked, of course. She was
kneeling upright with her hands cuffed behind her back. From each
nipple hung a small mousetrap. Her knees were widespread and she
appeared to be sitting on what looked like a smooth wooden dowel,
which was attached to the floor. The end of it disappeared into her
asshole. Her naked cuntlips gripped a very large dildo which was
held in place by having small metal clips which were on each side
of the dildo clipped to each of her thick labia lips.
  Joyce held a small box in the palm of her hand. It had a single
slide switch on it. She slowly moved the slide switch up and a
faint humming could be heard from the dildo. Maryanne began humping
up and down on the dowel, sliding her ass up and down on it while
she moaned and shook. Joyce laughed cruelly and pushed the switch
forward a little more.
  "Please.... please! No more! Ahhh...oooohhhhhh!"
  Michele watched in fascination as Maryanne's whole body began
trembling, impaled on the dowel in the floor. She began to stiffen
as if she was going to orgasm when suddenly Joyce pulled the slide
switch back and the humming stopped. Maryanne continued humping her
ass on the dowel. The dildo was still lodged in her cunt but the
maddening vibration was gone. She tried in vain to cum but she
eventually slowed down her humping and was still, except for a
slight chattering of her teeth.
  She looked up for the first time and saw Michele standing in the
office looking down at her.
  "Michele! Y-you've got to help me. Please! S-she's crazy! Make
her stop, please!"
  "Crazy, am I? You pathetic little squirming piece of shit!"
  Joyce moved the slide switch up again.
  "Unnnnnnnnnnngh..... ooooooooooooh." Maryanne drooled as she
humped up and down again. Joyce snickered as she moved the slide
switch down a little, then up a little, then down a little. Tears
were rolling down Maryanne's cheeks. Her mouth was wide open and
she looked pathetically at Michele. The mousetraps were jiggling at
the ends of her cruelly pinched nipples. As soon as she began to
stiffen again Joyce quickly turned off the switch. Maryanne sobbed
as her body again went slack.
  "Help me......" she mouthed.
  Michele had gone shopping over the weekend and was splendidly
dressed in a designer outfit that must have easily cost a thousand
dollars. A long string of pearls hung around her neck and she
clutched her leather shoulder bag with one hand, very
business-like. She crouched a little and tapped one of the
mousetraps with her index finger. Maryanne winced and shuddered.
Michele let her finger trace a line up between Maryanne's breasts,
up her neck to her chin. She used her finger to lift Maryanne's
chin up so she could gaze into her eyes. Michele smiled smugly at
her and in a cutesy little girl voice said: "What's the matter,
`smelly twat'? Is Joyce being mean to you? You belong to her now.
She can do what she likes with your little smelly twat."
  Turning her head to Joyce she said:
  "I like what you've done with her. Very creative."
  "Thank you, Michele. She's been like this since Monday. She seems
to hate it so much I figure why fuck with success. Next week I'll
do something different to her. For now, it amuses me to play with
this little switch all day. It calms me. Both women giggled as
Maryanne involuntarily shuddered. Joyce continued:
  "During breaks I let the girls out front come back and play with
her. At 3:00 we're going to do a little rump-roasting, aren't we
sweetie?" She flipped the switch again and watched Maryanne start
to shake, then quickly turned it off.
  Michele loosened her collar a little and looked at Joyce.
  "Kinda makes me a little hot under the collar watching her squirm
like that..."
  Joyce smiled and stood up.
  "I know exactly what you mean." She walked over and placed her
hand on Michele's shoulder. "I can't tell you how pleased I am that
you sold her to me." She used one hand to idly brush a curl of hair
away from Michele's neck.
  Michele slipped out of her suit jacket. As she was doing so Joyce
helped her. She then unhooked the string of pearls and carefully
placed it on her desk. When she turned around again Michele reached
out her left hand and gently cupped Joyce's left breast. Joyce
sighed a little then smiled. They each gazed into each other's eyes
for a moment then Joyce walked over and set the lock on her office
door. When she turned around she began slipping out of her own
clothes. They gazed at each other as they each sensuously stripped
their office clothes off. When they were both down to just panties
they embraced. Their mouths and tongues met. Their arms were all
over each other, touching, softly petting, gently squeezing.
  Michele placed her hands on the waistband of Joyce's panties. She
slowly crouched, pulling the panties down with her. Joyce's bush
was inches away from her face. She leaned forward and kissed the
triangular patch of hair. Joyce leaned her left arm on Michele's
shoulder and with her right hand she pulled her fallen panties from
around her ankles and tossed them to the side. She then got down on
her knees face to face with Michele. She grabbed Michele's panties
and tugged them down her thighs. They placed their hands gently on
each other's necks and faces and kissed passionately. Slowly, their
hands roamed over each other's bodies, cupping breasts and asses,
fondling and caressing. Their kisses were liquid and noisy.
  Michele lay down on the carpeted floor on her back. Joyce grabbed
her panties from around her thighs and pulled them completely off.
She then crawled over Michele in the sixty-nine position and just
crouched there. They gazed at each other's bushes with desire.
Finally Michele reached her hands up and grabbed Joyce around the
hips. She pulled them down a bit and lifted her head to lick at the
moistening slit before her. Joyce moaned then lowered her head and
began licking Michele.
  After a minute of this Joyce suddenly stood upright. She grabbed
the control box from her desk and then crouched back down over
Michele. Both women giggled as Joyce moved the slide switch up a
little till they could hear the buzzing of the vibrator. Maryanne's
moans started shortly after. Joyce set the box down on the rug then
lowered her head and resumed licking Michele's juicy slit. They lay
on the floor entwined only about a foot in front of Maryanne. Both
women held onto each other's hips, licking and sucking noisily to
the backdrop of Maryanne's squirming as she once again wiggled on
the polished dowel in her ass.
  The moans from all three women grew. Michele and Joyce became
lost in each other's caresses. Suddenly Michele stiffened and let
out a loud moan. Her orgasm was upon her. Joyce buried her face in
her warm wet crotch and continued licking the juices as they
flowed. She was getting close to her own orgasm and the thrashing
of Michele beneath her, combined with the now loud pleading of
Maryanne was enough to put her over the edge. Michele dug her
fingers into Joyce's hips and both women shuddered together in
their combined orgasm.

  When it was finally over they let out a loud sigh. Maryanne was
thrashing and moaning frantically. She too appeared poised on the
edge. Quickly Joyce grabbed the switch box and turned the vibrator
off. Maryanne continued shuddering. Her face and neck were beet red
and her forehead was perspiring.
  "Oh shit, I think we let her go too long" Joyce scowled.
  Maryanne's body began trembling like a leaf. She threw her head
back and began whimpering.
  "Yes! Ohhhhhhhhhh! Yeeesssssss! I'm cumming.....cumming!!!"
  Maryanne's body was now stiff as a board. The mousetraps on her
nipples were jiggling like vibrators. All of a sudden her climax
came and she screamed like a banshee and rocked herself back and
forth as her climax took over her wracked body. She had been
mercilessly teased for a week and a half. Her orgasm was intense.
Her pussy juices flowed out around the vibrator and dripped onto
the floor. She let out huge gasps of air and sobbed.
  "Oooooooohhh! Yes...yes...yes...Unnnnnnnghhhhh!!"
  Michele and Joyce watched her in fascination. It was the most
intense orgasm they had ever seen. If this was only after a week
and a half, imaging what she'd be like after being held back for a
month! Or two months!
  When it was finally over Maryanne's head dropped to her chest.
She still knelt there, her hands cuffed behind her back and her
asshole impaled on the polished dowel. Her breath was ragged but
she was still conscious.
  Joyce stood up and began getting dressed.
  "You bad girl! You weren't supposed to cum!"
  Maryanne lifted her head slightly. She had drool coming down the
corner of her mouth and an almost idiotic grin on her face. She was
still taking ragged breaths. God, she'd NEEDED that orgasm...
  As Joyce and Michele continued dressing, Maryanne finally caught
her breath and regained her senses. Joyce grabbed her by the hair
and twisted cruelly.
  "Owwwwwwww!!!"
  "I said, you were a BAD girl. You weren't supposed to cum. You
sneaked that one in while we were busy! You'll pay for that, cunt!"
  Joyce signaled to Michele to help her and they both grabbed a
handful of Maryanne's hair, pulling her up off the dowel and to her
feet. Below her was a large puddle of her sticky goo.
  "Get down there and lick that mess up! Go on!"
  Maryanne went back down to her knees and Joyce pushed her face to
the carpet. It was right in the puddle of cum in front of the
dowel.
  "Lick it up, all of it!"
  Maryanne began licking the carpet. Joyce slapped at her ass as
she moved her around to get all of the cum spots. When she was
through she made her lick the dowel she had been impaled on like it
was a popsicle. Maryanne was frantically trying to obey but Joyce
was clearly pissed.
  She cleared the papers off her desk and moved the telephone.
Michele helped her to drag Maryanne back up to her feet and over to
the desk.
  "Get up on it, cunt. Get up there!"
  Maryanne still had her hands in cuffs behind her back, but aided
by Michele and Joyce, and a sharp slap on the ass, she was able to
get up into a kneeling position on the mahogany desk.
  "Get your head down and your ass up, you impertinent slut! I
don't want to see your ugly face. I just want to see that ass of
yours up in the air!"
  Joyce pushed Maryanne's head down to the desk top. Her legs were
spread about a foot and her ass and pussy were sticking out.
  "You weren't supposed to cum, but you snuck one in. Now you'll
pay with your ass!"
  Joyce slapped her very hard on her left buttock.
  "Owwww!" A large pink splotch appeared on her slightly plumpish
ass. It jiggled a little and Maryanne squeezed her cheeks together.
  Again Joyce let one fall on her right buttock.
  "Owwwwwww!"
  The third time she slapped as hard as she could right across both
cheeks.
  "Owwwww!"
  Joyce spanked her at least twenty-five times, until her own hand
began to sting. Then she switched hands and slapped her another
fifteen times. When she was through Michele got in about twenty-
five wallops of her own. Maryanne was pleading and crying. Her
shrieks had attracted attention and Joyce let the three women from
the front office in to help out.
  They each took turns spanking Maryanne's ass until it was a
bright pink. From there it went to a deep red. You could feel the
heat by just cupping her blazing cheeks.
  Maryanne was fidgeting from knee to knee and pleading with her
tormentors to stop. Her head was held down to the desktop and there
was no way she could escape the punishing blows to her ass. All
five women were breathing heavily as they spanked her, on and on.
The vibrator was still clipped into her cunt and it poked lewdly
out at the women who were laughing now as they watched her ass
jiggling and begin to turn purple.
  After more than two hundred slaps they finally stopped. Maryanne
was blubbering and tears streaked her face. Her ass was so hot you
could fry an egg on it.
  "You can just remain like that for the rest of the day so anyone
who comes in can see how naughty you were! I have half a mind to
shave your head in a mohawk and leave you tied ass-up like this in
an alley in the worst neighborhood in town, but I paid too much
money for you. Besides, there are a lot of things I want to do to
you over the next few years...
  Maryanne continued sobbing as each of the women cupped her ass
and remarked on how hot it felt. The three women from the front
office made it clear that they enjoyed playing with their former
rival and also enjoyed taking part in her punishments. After awhile
they went back to work, leaving just Michele and Joyce alone with
Maryanne.
  Michele fondled her sobbing former boss. She lightly dragged her
fingernails over her back and thighs. She fondled her hot ass and
jiggled the dildo that was still protruding from her backwards-
pointing cunt.
  "Well, gotta go now `smelly twat'. Joyce is gonna bring you back
for a visit tomorrow. Everyone in the office has been asking for
you. You can spend the night with us, too. Ted says that Bruno
misses his girlfriend!"
  "Ohhhhh nooooooo.... nooooooo...."
  Michele gave her a pat on the ass and winked at Joyce.
  "I can see she's in good hands with you, Joyce. See you later."
  Joyce put her arm around Michele's shoulder and planted a kiss on
her lips.
  "I enjoyed this afternoon very much. Come on over again...
anytime."
  "I will, Joyce. Bye."

  Joyce watched Michele open the door and leave. She then turned
her attention back to the quivering flesh kneeling on her desk and
she picked up the slide switch.
  "So, looks like we gotta get you back up to the edge again, as
quickly as possible."
  "She flipped the switch up and the humming started. Maryanne
began slowly rotating her ass and moaning.
  "No.... please.... no more...... no more........"

--

Part 4 is in the planning stages...
