Archive-name: Bestial/bearsex1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Forest Tales #1 - Stories From "Lambda Park"


                                   Chapter 1

                               Story #1 - George

George sighed. The guys at the office were right. This was the life!
Out by yourself, roughing it. No deadlines, no traffic, no noise...
Speaking of which, what was that?! Get ahold of yourself, man, it was
probably a deer. He stirred the fire, uneasy. A nose sniffed the air.
Man! The owner of that nose growled, and padded towards the smell.
George squatted over a log. That was one of the few problems with
paradise, no toilets. No ass-wipe either. Oh, well, a few leaves , and
... Damn, now he had it all over his hands. He reached down to lift
his pants, then thought better of it. No, the creek was only a
half-dozen steps away. So, grab your pants with the clean hand, and
just trot yourself on down there.

Again the nose quivered. Yechhh! What a smell! He was going over to
Small-Water-Runs-Cold. Good! The feet moved faster. Damn, that water
was cold! George cleaned himself up as best he could. The full moon
made everything almost as bright as day. He waded out, and had no more
than stepped into his pants, then a mountain of fur materialized in
front of him. George let out a squeak, then tried to turn around, run,
and pull his pants up, all at the same time! He ended up with his butt
sticking in the air, his head and both legs tangled in his pants,
hands grasping ankles. George wanted to laugh. He was showing the
creature his best side! He looked at an up-side-down world. The
monster moved closer. A bear!

It stood for a moment, contemplating him. The beast placed a paw on
his back, and felt it for a moment. Then the paw slid down, and rubbed
his buttocks. George couldn't, for the life of him, understand what
the bear wanted. All that he could see was it's hairy legs. Suddenly,
the beast shifted it's weight, and George found himself lying in the
grass. A paw clamped onto his thigh. No, it couldn't be thinking
about...

He tried to scream through a mouthful of grass, as the bear, panting
in his ear, used it's massive weight to force an immense cock into his
ass. A leathery scrotum rubbed against his, while warm fur covered his
butt, as the creature buried it's shaft to the roots. George moaned.
He was going to be split in half, surely. Nice, warm, and tight! The
bear shifted, stroking the man's ballsac with his own, as he ground
his furry belly into the male's hips, thoroughly enjoying himself. The
bear grunted, and lapped at George's ears, as he tried a short stroke,
and anus muscles involuntarily wrapped around his dick, squeezing it.
He waited a moment, enjoying the sensation, then gave a few tentative
humps. Finally, the beast couldn't stand it any longer, and rotating
it's hips, pulling about half of it's nine inch cock out, then
savagely thrust in to the roots, and proceeded to hammer the man's
tight ass with long, powerful strokes.

The bear repeatedly rammed in to the hilt, then pulled out until just
the bulbous head was left inside, holding George's anus open, for the
next lunge. It roared, engulfed by lust, and the feel of the man-ass.
George almost passed out. The multiple shocks of the bear suddenly
appearing, his savagely being buggered by the same creature, and the
worst shock of all, the pleasure that wouldn't go away, and in fact
was growing with each thrust, probably saved his life, for even though
the creature curved a paw around his stiffening penis, jerking him off
in time to it's thrusts, and it nibbled gently on an earlobe, these
were done only to heighten it's pleasure, not his. It was only
interested in getting it's rocks off, and didn't care if George liked
it, wanted it, or even if he was alive, just as long as there was
tight orifice to shove it's cock through.

Also the shock kept him from tightening his ass up, against the
gigantic fleshy drill, that reamed his nether end. As it was, it was
almost too big, and he would not be able to sit down for weeks
afterward. Not that the bear cared. It was using all of it's weight,
and powerful leg muscles to piston it's mammoth cock in-and-out of
that rearward entrance with lengthy thrusts, it's leathery ballsac
slid across George's, increasing the intense feelings of pleasure for
both of them. George found himself shoving back, trying to keep the
horse-cock in just one second longer, enjoying the feeling of his
balls sliding across the bears. He shook his head. This was
impossible!

But his body was betraying him. Pleasure was pleasure, and whether he
was thrusting, or being thrust into, the lust was the same. In fact,
the combination of someone panting in his ear, one paw stroking his
penis, the other roving over his body, combined with that gigantic
cock massaging his prostrate, and the stimulation of all those hairs
prickling his ass, every time the creature plunged in to the hilt, he
was damn near sensory overloaded.

As it was his pleasure threshold was so high, that when he finally did
cum, he had four orgasms, before he even ejaculated. The bear could
feel his dick throb, and knew that the man was about to spill his
seed, but didn't care. He was about to finish mating himself. The male
let out a squawk, startling the beast, who stopped humping for a
moment. That was all it took for the cock in his tight paw to spurt
warm ejaculate all over his fur-covered appendage. The bear roared, as
the anus in which he was firmly, and deeply entrenched, literally
sucked, squeezed, and milked the cum out of his balls.

Finally, the gusher becoming a trickle, the bear fell on it's side,
dragging George with him. For more than a few moments, they both lat
there panting. Then the beast lifted it's cum-covered paw up to it's
mouth, and cleaned it off. The creature found it liked the salty,
starchy taste, and after it was done with it's paw, it uncoupled from
George with a wet pop, and rolling him onto his back, lapped every bit
of ejaculate from George's body, and limp dick. It then went over to
the stream, and got a drink, then padded off, while George passed into
the type of sleep reserved for those who have been well-screwed.



                         Story #2 - 2 Bears and 1 Man

The bears heard sounds coming from the small cave on the hill. So,
there will be a third warm body to play with. Excellent! Bigpaw went
to investigate, while Fullight kept watch. This cave was like others
Bigpaw had seen. There was a crack that opened the mouth, if one found
the leaf. The leaf was at the bottom of the crack. Bigpaw put a claw
through the hole in the leaf, and gently pulled it upwards. He stuck
his head inside. There, on the floor, wrapped in those odd skins, was
a human. Bigpaw sniffed carefully. A Male Human. Good! He liked
Fullight, but, he also liked variety. The bear gently withdrew his
head, and checked for signs of any others. No, only this one. Better,
and better!!

Fullight gave the "all-clear" signal, then came over, and glanced
toward the cave. Bigpaw smiled, and said that he had found one male
human, but they were going to have to drag him outside of the cave.
Fullight asked him if he needed any help. Bigpaw said no, then stuck
his forepaws inside the cave and gently lifted the male, skins and
all, out through the hole, then laid him down on the ground. Fullight
ambled over, stuck his head under Bigpaw's hind legs, and lapped at
Bigpaw's ballsac. Bigpaw growled softly, but spread his legs wider.
Fullight now lapped at his growing cock. Bigpaw grunted, and moved to
one side. He wanted to save his seed for the small male.

Fullight moved the skins aside. The small male was without other
skins, and his dick lay against his thigh. Bigpaw chuckled. He could
see Fullight drooling at the length of the male. He told Fullight to
roll over. Fullight looked at him, shrugged, and lay on his back.
Bigpaw then picked up the man, and when Fullight opened his mouth, he
dropped the small male's cock into it, who woke up in a hurry, and
began making all kinds of noises! Bigpaw chuckled again. Fullight had
a tendency to suck like a hungry cub, especially on the larger cocks.

Fullight caressed the man's smooth ass with one paw, and mauled his
balls with the other, while he munched on the human's dick. Bigpaw
moved to the male's head, and examined it with interest. The mouth was
making all kinds of sounds, but not for long! Bigpaw placed a paw
behind the man's head, who made more noises. He grinned, and nudged
the tip of his cock against the man's mouth. A tongue teased the
sensitive tip, while Bigpaw dug his claws into the ground, and
shuddered.The man yelped, as Fullight squeezed his ballsac, then sank
his teeth into the tip of Bigpaw's bloated cock. Bigpaw howled, and
thrust in to the hilt. The bear grunted, then chuckled, as gulping
sounds came from Fullight, and the man sucked erratically. So,
Fullight had finally coaxed the seed from the human, eh?! Bigpaw
placed both forepaws on the ground, then nuzzled, licked, and nibbled
on the small male's smooth ass, while stroking in and out of his
mouth.

Fullight coaxed the last of the male's seed out, and swallowed it. He
reluctantly let the cock slip out of his mouth, then stroked it
gently, hoping it would become hard again. Fullight was patient, but
he was also horny! So, he sucked on the man's ballsac, until they were
swollen with seed. He nibbled on the fat head, caressing the length,
until it was big and hard again. About that time Bigpaw stopped
licking, threw his head back, roared, ground his groin against the
small-male's mouth, and digging his claws into the hairless
butt-cheeks, spurted deep down the human's throat. The bear waited
until he had totally emptied his balls, then removed his still hard
maleness.

Fullight looked up, letting the man's cock pop from his mouth. Bigpaw
stated that he wanted it from both ends, at the same time. Well,that
could be easily be arranged. Fullight lifted the man up, behind
Bigpaw, who ws on all fours. Fullight waited to see if the small male
needed help, but the human needed no prodding. Shoving the swollen tip
under the bear's tail, the male grabbed Bigpaw's legs, and plunged in
to the tight orifice to the hilt. Bigpaw groaned. For a small male, he
had a nice big dick! Fullight had an idea. He spread Bigpaw's hind
legs apart, and laying on the ground, lapped at the pair of ballsacs.

Bigpaw moaned. The man was humping him good and hard. His claws dug
the ground, as the full length was pistoned in and out of his anus .
Fullight was also driving him crazy, by caressing his cock, and
lapping at his balls. He looked down, and saw Fullight's own erection.
He grabbed it with one paw, and slid his tongue across the swollen
head. It got fatter, and Fullight groaned. Bigpaw chuckled, and sucked
on the tip. Fullight panted, then yelped, as Bigpaw sank his teeth
into it. He opened his throat, and swallowed, until his nostrils
nudged Fullight's ballsac. He felt Fullight shift, and then he too was
engulfed in warm wetness.

The man slid his cock into Bigpaw's ass, until their balls met, and
were mauled by one of Fullight's forepaws. Bigpaw shoved back,
dragging his cock out of the depths of Fullight's throat, and letting
Fullight's cock slide out of his own mouth. All three groaned. Then
the man would slide out, and Bigpaw crammed his cock back down
Fullight's sucking muzzle, and swallowed him back down to the roots.
This continued for some time. Then a pair of ballsacs, expanding under
Fullight's caresses, contracted, and three cocks exploded as one. The
man howled, digging his fingers into Bigpaw's furry sides, as his cock
spurted seed deep into the bear's asshole. Both Bigpaw and Fullight
were sucking at each other's cocks like a pair of hungry cubs.

Bigpaw felt Fullight's tip swell inside his throat, and as his own
orgasm hit, he mauled Fullight's ballsac, and was rewarded with a
river of seed, spurting down his gullet. His own cock was busy, trying
to drown Fullight in seed, and not succeeding, while his anus tried to
drag the man's dick out by the roots. Finally, when all of the
testicle's were drained, all of the cocks were limp, and everybody was
sated, the sex machine fell apart into two bears and a man.  Everybody
lay there, panting, for a good five minutes. Then, both bears pressed
their muzzles against the man, and plodded off, while one weary,
puzzled, but very sexually satisfied person collected his bed gear,
and went back into his tent.

-- 
