
                              BLKSTUD2.TXT -- 2/2
        
                                   Black Stud
                                   Chapter 2
        
      He first moved to her face to show Candy what he was going to fuck her
with and she recoiled in terror. Then he moved his mouth to her succulent,
virginal pussy lips and lapped at them expertly with his thick Black lips to
prepare her for his huge male prick.

      Candy struggled to resist without success as Black Stud forced his long
tongue past the opening and into her soft wet cunt and began to fuck in and out
with it.

      Candy moaned into the ball gag as his long tongue fucked deeply into her
cuntal passage and she felt the first tinges of sexual arousal. As her clitoris
became enlarged Black Stud located it with the tip of his tongue took
occasional laps at it exciting Candy further.

      He thought that she tasted as sweet as her first name implied. He then
began to suckle her clit steadily and flick his tongue across it. Candy's pussy
lips dilated further and her cuntal juices began to flow into Black Stud's
mouth signaling her sexual awaking. He lapped them up her tasty virginal fluids
as he fondled her bruised ass cheeks. Black Stud then nibbled further on her
clit but stopped abruptly when Candy's pussy contractions signaled that she was
nearing orgasm. He wanted to withhold the ultimate pleasure from her until
after he had climaxed deeply within her unprotected cunt. So, he removed his
face from her soft wet pussy and applid an exotic lubricant over his cock and
around her vaginal entrance to prepare her for penetration by his huge prick.

      Black Stud then knelt between her legs and moved his prick to her
virginal passage and prepared to give her the first screwing of her life. One
of the two Black women opened Candy's virginal pussy lips while the other held
Black Stud's enlarged prick and fed it into Candy's cuntal passage. He pressed
forward and the bulbous head of his Black cock stretched her tender pussy lips
and slowly entered into her.

      Candy tried to scream out in pain without success as Black Stud thrust
his prick further into her soft wet cunt past the entrance lips. He made very
gradual progress at first because her pussy was so tight and his jet Black cock
was so huge. Then he started to penetrate more deeply and initiated a steady in
and out fucking motion as he held her flaring hips firmly in place. Finally he
pressed forward and burst through the area where the hymen had been with one
lunge and in a few more long strokes sunk her huge prick deeper into her soft
virgin cunt.

      God, her pussy is tight he thought as he rested momentarily so that Candy
could adjust to his huge cock within her. Then he began a steady fucking motion
with his prick moving nearly out of her soft wet cunt and then plowing deeply
into it, trying to reach full balls depth.

      One Black woman continued to fondle and cup his tender balls while the
other one moved behind and began to kiss and lick his ass cheeks to increase
his sexual pleasure. Candy moaned and grunted through her ball gag but stopped
resisting. She realized that there was now nothing she could do to stop the
brutal rape of her virgin cunt and decided to cooperate so that she would not
be permanently injured.

      Thoughts of his Black sperm flooding her belly and impregnating her
without her consent inflamed Black Stud further and he moved his hands up to
cup and fondle her 36D tits around the nipple clamps as he plunged deeply into
her unprotected pussy.

      Candy was powerless to resist and knew that Black Stud had completely
taken control of the situation and was going to fuck her brutally until he
climaxed inside of her, filling the inside of her unsullied and unprotected
body with thick globs of his dangerous, scalding Black sperm for the first
time. However, she was so aroused that she lost all control of her body and
began to fuck back excitedly and began to coo and moan loudly until, with one
violent thrust, he seated the full 10" length of his oversized Black cock far
into her cunt, balls deep.

      As he gave her a moment to adjust to having his huge prick balls deep
within her, he abruptly moved one of his hands between her exposed ass cheeks
and spread them widely as Candy whimpered in terror.

      Suddenly he roughly removed the vibrating dildo and then cruelly inserted
the middle finger of his other hand deeply into her ass hole as she howled with
shock. She tried to beg Black Stud to stop raping her ass hole but could only
make muted whimpering noises through the ball gag tightly in her mouth.

      He ignored her whimpers as he started a vigorous fucking rate in and out
of her vulnerable cunt with his immense prick, and in and out of her ass hole
as he violated her with his long Black finger. Candy had never been dominated
so completely before and was scared to be so totally under Black Stud' control.

      He flexed his finger inside her ass hole, stretching it open wider to his
probing finger to reaffirm that he was in complete control.

      By this time, Candy was so highly aroused that she finally joined him in
a heated fucking rhythm with Black Stud withdrawing his monstrous jet Black
cock until it nearly passed out of her pussy lips and then thundering forward
until it was seated, balls deep, inside her unprotected cunt again. She met
each one of his thrusts as his giant prick burrowed tantalizingly against her
virgin swollen clit arousing her further.

      She then began to scream shrilly that she was nearing climax as she
tossed her head back and forth in ecstasy. He increased the depth and speed of
his prick and finger thrusts as he felt her cunt spasm wildly around his huge
Black cock. Black Stud tried to hold back his final climax as he enjoyed the
overpowering sensual sensations which spread throughout his powerful body. As
he looked down in triumph through his eyes glazed by the strong lustful
feelings he was experiencing, he could see that Candy was entirely under his
dominance and was losing all self control.

      As he continued to screw his massive prick deeply into her defenseless
cunt, he felt the rising sensations of a coming explosive orgasm which he
couldn't deny any longer. Perspiration dripped drop off his excited body as his
heart raced wildly. Suddenly his body began to spasm and shudder wildly and he
screamed like a wild stud bull as he finally went over the top into total
rapture. His body shook powerfully as he erupted in one of the most shattering
orgasms of his life. He bellowed loudly like a wild stud animal impregnating a
female animal in heat as they each climaxed explosively in consummate ecstasy.

      Huge globs of thick Black sperm leapt out of the end of Black Stud'
massive cock, searing the tender walls of her virgin cunt and flooding her to
overflowing for the first time in her life.

      In turn, he felt her hot feminine come splash down onto his ejaculating
prick as he continued to fuck deeply into her vaginal passage, screaming loudly
in triumph as he violated her body and soul, until the last glob of cream
emptied into her conquered body from his huge, Black cock.

      Candy screeched constantly as she experienced the wild sensations of a
constant series of orgasms and her body shuddered uncontrollably in sexual
passion for the first time of her life.

      The potent sperm sped through her wildly spasming cuntal channel toward
her cervix. Thousands of virile Black spermatozoa invaded her womb for the
first time and swiftly encircled a helpless ovum like a marauding army ready to
conquer a defenseless prey. They began to bombard the walls of the waiting ovum
violently, urgently trying to the one to penetrate Candy's final defenses and
conquer her.

      The fragile ovum seemed to sense that it should resist but was swiftly
overwhelmed by the superior attacking forces until finally one spermatozoa
broke through and completely impregnated the ovum.

      Finally Black Stud bellowed shrilly in one final surge of ecstasy and
conquest and slumped down on top of Candy with his middle finger still deeply
inside her asshole and his fully erect cock remaining far within her thoroughly
raped cuntal channel.

      God that was a great fuck he thought as he secretly anticipated that his
sperm had already done its duty and impregnated her lily White, defenseless
body.

      Candy had been knocked up on the first fuck of her life, as a Black
stranger raped her virginal White body without her consent. Already the
fertilized Black ovum had attached itself to the wall of her womb and began to
grow.

      Black Stud removed his satisfied prick from her violated cunt and sat
back completely sated. Nothing would then be done to stop its relentless attack
on her astounding figure so the marauding tentacles of her unwanted pregnancy
would relentlessly spread throughout her vulnerable body until she was totally
within its devastating grip.

      As her once sensuous stomach bloated horribly and her once firm tits
drooped grotesquely, the world would know her dreadful secret that she had been
raped repeatedly by Black stud and impregnated by him. Then she would be forced
to endure the agony of a long term pregnancy until she delivered his Black
baby.

      The Black women removed her ball gag and they forced Candy lick his cock
clean of the remaining cream on it. Black Stud then laid back on the bed
basking in the afterglow of a fantastic fuck and rested while the Black women
untied Candy and removed the clamps from her nipples.

      Black Stud told Candy that from now on she would always wear a micro mini
skirt, with 6' high spiked heels and exotic lingerie including a White garter
belt, silk stockings and crotchless panties at all times so that he would fuck
her several times a day at will until he was sure that her periods had stopped
and that he had positively impregnated her lily White body with his Black
sperm. Then she would be denied an abortion.

      Candy pleaded that she had now reformed and would do everything he
desired to please him sexually without conceiving, but she didn't know that it
was already too late since she had already been knocked up by Black Stud on the
very first screwing of her life.

      He did say that he would continue to fuck her without any contraceptive
protection until she had proven that she was ready to satisfy her sexual
cravings and then, in the unlikely event that she was not already pregnant, he
might let her resume using a diaphragm or the birth control pill, but for only
a few months.

      Then he put his robe back on and then they all exited the room, locking
the door securely behind them. Candy was left to contemplate her fate as a
member of Black Stud's harem and the prospect of being impregnated with his
Black sperm and bearing Black babies every year for the rest of her child
bearing life.

      Black Stud in turn moved down the hall to the next bedroom where another
new, voluptuous White captive had been prepared to satisfy his insatiable
sexual appetite and be impregnated by his potent seed as he raped her,
completing his fifth unprotected fuck of the day.

                                   CONCLUSION

      Candy was awakened the next morning by soft stereo music which was piped
into her bedroom. At first she couldn't remember where she was and didn't
recognize the plush bedroom surroundings. When she moved in the bed and
stretched her legs she felt a dull throbbing pain between her legs. As she
gradually awakened, she then felt a flash of sharp pain from deep within her
pussy. When Candy moved her hand down to vaginal area, she could feel that her
pussy lips were swollen and very tender. Also the nipples of her lush 36D tits
felt very tender as well. As she looked around the room she didn't recognize
any of the surroundings and couldn't recall where she was.

      Suddenly, she remembered in shock where she was as the events of the
prior evening came back into her mind with a rush. She thought with horror how
Black Stud had brutally raped her White, virginal body which had never tasted
the nectar of a virile male before. She relived how her fucked his huge Black
prick deeply into her tender cunt although she was helpless to resist and he
yelled in orgasmic triumph while totally possessing her defenseless lily White
body. She was forced to kneel on her bed with her ass and cunt thrust
helplessly up into the air and her head down against the pillow so that he
could take her body doggie style like an wild stud animal would fuck a female
animal in heat in order to impregnate her. Black Stud alternated his powerful
hands between holding her voluptuous hips in order to fuck as deeply as
possible into her tight, virgin cunt and cruelly pinching her delicate breast
nipples which were already trapped inside painful metal tit clamps which he had
tightly secured on them after she had tried to resist his aggressive advances
against her virginal body.

      She suddenly remembered that even though she was in the most fertile part
of her monthly menstrual cycle, Black Stud, in anger, had removed the birth
control diaphragm which a doctor had fitted tightly on her cervix, during the
rape session. She realized in terror that he might have successfully
impregnated her with his powerful Black sperm during the first fuck of her
virginal life! Her body shuttered at the thought that there might already be a
jet Black fetus attached to the wall of her womb as an unwanted pregnancy had
begun.

      Candy realized that she would be required to carry this product of a
brutal rape of her once virginal White body for a long nine months until it
reached full maturity inside of her. Her body would swell grotesquely as the
marauding tentacles of the unwanted pregnancy systematically spread throughout
her once voluptuous body until it totally possessed her.

      She was in near hysteria at the prospect of being trapped in an unwanted
pregnancy for 9 long months as she checked her nude body carefully in the
mirror. Although she saw no change yet in her sensuous flat stomach, lush hips
and erotic thighs, she knew that if nothing were done about such a horrid
condition she would start to lose her spectacular figure shortly.

      As she stood in front of the mirror she visualized in despair how her
voluptuous body would be dreadfully distorted as a full term pregnancy
relentlessly took full control over her. She cupped her sensuous flat stomach
with her hands and imagined how it would enlarge and bloat horribly as her body
filled with the unwelcome pregnancy that he had started.

      Victoria also mentally visualized how her firm tits and tight ass would
droop and sag and she would only be able to waddle around in her repulsive
condition. She fondled her sensitive nipples and shuddered with revulsion as
she projected her tits losing all firmness and her once tight ass losing its
lustful appearance. As she appraised her still voluptuous figure from a side
view in the mirror she realized that she could no longer wear her seductive
demi-cup bras, string bikini panties, garter belts, stiletto heeled shoes and
form fitting micro mini dresses which showed off her spectacular figure to the
fullest advantage and attracted the admiring leers of every virile male.

      Instead she would have to wear special support bras to brace her drooping
tits, unflattering maternity panties and pantyhose, flat shoes and loose
fitting, sack type long dresses to conceal her dreadfully misshapen form. Even
after the natural end of a ghastly, full term pregnancy, she would only be
granted a few months to try to regain her slim 24" waist, flat stomach,
voluptuous hips, firm breasts and tight ass before he impregnated her again.

      She remembered that she would be expected to carry and bear at least 12
healthy Black babies within only 12 years. So, she would essentially be
continuously pregnant for the next 12 years. She already knew that her
spectacular figure and spirit would be destroyed during that time.

      God, she thought, all this just couldn't be happening to her. A few days
ago she was living a secure life as an attractive, innocent White virgin who
used her astounding body to drive young men crazy and now she was a captive in
the harem of Black Stud having already lost her virginity and possibly having
already been deliberately impregnated by him during a night of illicit, raw
sex.

                                    THE END

