****BEST FRIENDS****  
 Written by Rich Jones                                             
 Copyright 1986           


David and Phil were best friends.  They both grew up together, 
and have been very close all there lives.  When David's parents 
agreed to let him go up to the mountains to stay with Phil at 
Phil's parents cabin, the boys were ready for a rocking Weekend.  
After all, they were only seventeen and Phil just got his drivers 
license three months ago.  This was the first time that they 
would have a weekend of fun and relaxation away from there par-
ents.  

They planed this weekend perfectly.  The made sure that they 
brought their fishing gear because the lake was full of bass.  
They also made sure that they brought plenty of food and beer 
because if they didn't have luck fishing, the closest store was 
twenty miles away.  

The boys left Friday afternoon, right after school.  Phil loaded 
up his car and drove around the corner to David's house.  David 
was waiting outside, all ready to go.  Phil loaded up David's 
stuff and off they went.  There was a lot of traffic until they 
got up state a little.  After that it was smooth sailing.  When 
They got up to Phil's parents cabin it was just getting dark, so 
they unpacked the car and moved in.

It was a small cabin with only two bedrooms, a kitchen, and a 
bathroom.  It also had a really nice fireplace.  Behind the cabin 
was this really big lake.  This was the first time that David was 
up to see the cabin.  Just as he imagined it, nice and quiet and 
a perfect place to relax and have a nice weekend.  

After they were unpacked, they grabbed a six pack of beer from 
the cooler and went outside and down to the lake.  There was a 
full moon that lit up the sky.  Phil was skipping stones into the 
water while they both walked around the lake.  David just 
couldn't get over how beautiful this place was.  Phil took it for 
granted because he had always been coming here since he was very 
little.  

They talked about school and how glad they were that it would be 
over in three weeks.  They also talked about their girlfriends 
that they left behind.  "Too bad they couldn't come along with 
us.  This place is kinda romantic with the full moon and all," 
said David.

"Yeah" said Phil, "I agree, but we'll have to do with out them.  
Besides, this weekend is for us guys.  They wouldn't be able to 
ruff it without their hair blowers and shit like that."  They 
both laughed and opened another beer.  Phil kidded around and 
said, "If you really get horny, I'll give you a nice blowjob."

David laughed and said, "I might take you up on that this week-
end."  David knew that Phil was just kidding, but the thought of 
having sex with his best friend kinda turned him on.  David 
always had those thoughts about what it would be like to fool 
around with David, but he never really thought that anything 
would come of it.  

It was getting late and they were going to have a full day of 
fishing and swimming the next day.  They both headed back to the 
cabin and Phil lit a fire in the fireplace.  Even though it was 
June, it got pretty cold up in the mountains at night.  Both of 
the boys decided to lay out sleeping bags in front of the fire-
place tonight instead of sleeping in their beds.  David took off 
his shirt and pants and climbed into his sleeping bag as he 
watched Phil take off his clothes.  David was so turned on about 
what Phil had said about the blowjob, that his dick started to 
get hard.  Luckily he was covered by the sleeping bag and his 
friend didn't see.  As Phil took off his shirt, David could see 
his tight muscles on his chest and stomach.  He had a thin line 
of blonde hair that ran from his belly button down past his 
waist.  Then Phil pulled off his jeans and revealed a nice bulge 
in his underpants.  His legs were a little hairy and very muscu-
lar from running on the track team at school.  David was really 
surprised because he had seen Phil's body plenty of times when 
they changed in gym class, but this time it was different, this 
time David was getting turned on.  David figured that it would be 
better not to say anything to Phil because he didn't want Phil to 
think he was weird.  Phil got under his sleeping bag and they 
both stared into the fire until they fell asleep.  

The next morning David woke up to the smell of bacon and eggs.  
He opened his eyes and saw Phil cooking breakfast for the both of 
them.

"Come on you bum, get up, it's seven o'clock and we have a full 
day ahead of us," said David.

Phil rubbed his eyes and got out of his sleeping bag and walked 
over to the table and sat down.  He had a half morning hardon 
which was very noticeable.  Phil made a comment.  "Were you 
dreaming about your girlfriend or about me?  Ha Ha!!"

David just smiled and said "You'll never know."  They both 
laughed and Phil served breakfast.  David wasn't sure what to 
think now, but he figured that if Phil was really interested, 
he'd find out before the weekend was over.  They finished break-
fast and David went in to take a shower.  Phil had already show-
ered before David woke up.  When David got out of the shower, he 
got dressed and they both went down to the lake to go fishing.  

It was a private lake on a big piece of property.  There was no 
one around for miles.  Despite the amount of fish there were in 
the lake, they only caught three fish each.  It was around one 
o'clock in the afternoon when the decided to stop and cook lunch.  
They cooked the fish outside on a grill.  After lunch Phil sug-
gested that they go swimming.  While they were both changing into 
their bathing suits, David kept sneaking peeks at Phil's dick.  
It was soft and about four inches long as it hung down his leg.  
It had a nice big head on it and his balls had no hair on them.  
Only a small patch around his dick.  David controlled his own 
dick from getting hard as he watched.  "God"!  He thought as they 
were just ready to go outside.  "I want him more then ever!"    

Phil led David to this one area of the lake on the far side that 
had a big smooth boulder that they used as a diving board.  Phil 
threw his towel down and dove into the lake.  "Come on in!  The 
water's fine."

David dove in and they played around in the water.  Phil swam 
under David and tried to pull him under the water.  They were 
both grabbing and dunking each other and having lot's of fun.  
David was enjoying all the body contact and was starting to get a 
little hard again.  Phil climbed out of the lake and stood on the 
diving board.  David noticed that Phil was a little hard too!  
Phil dove in and they started their horseplay again.  After a 
while, they both got out of the lake and laid out on top of the 
big bolder to get some sun.  

Phil started talking more about not having his girlfriend there 
and how he was feeling horny.  As David looked over he noticed 
that Phil's dick was fully erect now.  He never saw it hard, and 
boy, was it ever!  It must of been eight inches long now.  Phil 
suggested that they jerk off outside to relieve the pressure of 
not having sex.  David agreed.  David wanted to see Phil's dick 
cum.  They both stripped off their bathing suits and David got 
just as hard as his buddy but, he wasn't as big.  David was only 
about six inches long.  They both started stroking there dicks as 
Phil said, "You know, we're good friends and anything we do to-
gether is just between us.  You don't have to be embarrassed to 
jerk off in front of me."

"I know, I'm not," said David.

"Good," said Phil.  "I'm glad to have a good friend like you."  
After a few minutes, Phil said, "It would be different if we 
jerked each other off.  That way it would be like having sex with 
someone."

David couldn't believe his ears.  He was so exited that he stut-
tered and said, "Ssssure.  Okay."  They both started jerking each 
other off.  David finally got a feel of his buddy's dick.  It was 
just as he dreamed.  He couldn't believe this was really happen-
ing.  Then Phil went further.  "Dave, I want to do something else 
with you.  I want to suck on your dick.  You don't have to let me 
if you don't want.  I just figured it would be like you getting a 
blowjob from your girlfriend."

David didn't know what to say then but, yes.  David then said, 
"If you want, I'll suck you too."  They both agreed.  Phil start-
ed to lick David's dick and then he sucked on the whole thing.  
David went wild!  They went into a sixty nine position and they 
both sucked each other for a while.  Then Phil pulled away and 
was staring right into David's big brown eyes and said, "I've 
always wanted this to happen.  I've always been hot for you."  
David then told Phil how much he loved him too.  They both 
stared for another five seconds and then they kissed.  Their 
tongues explored each others mouths and they started feeling each 
other all over.

Phil stood up and led David back to the cabin and they went 
inside.  Once inside, Phil threw David down onto the bed.  Phil 
was laying on top of David.  Their mouths met again as their 
smooth bodies rubbed against each other.  Phil was rubbing his 
dick on David's stomach as David's dick was rubbing on Phil's 
hairless balls.  David then said, "I want to fuck you Phil, I 
always wanted to.  Please let me."

Phil didn't say a word.  He just kissed David hard on the lips 
and rolled over on his back with is legs up in the air.  David 
got some Vaseline out of his knapsack and greased up his dick.  
Then he put some on Phil's asshole.  They were both very exited 
now.  Phil wanted his buddy to fuck him and David couldn't wait!  
David put Phil's legs over his shoulders and pressed his dick 
head up to Phil's hot waiting asshole.  With one thrust, he got 
his whole tool inside.  Phil let out a scream that could be heard 
for miles.  "What the fuck are you doing!?  Be gentle!  It's not 
a cunt ya know!  Your's is the first dick I had in my ass.  It 
hurts!"

David apologized and started to pump nice and slowly.  
"Ahh that feels better," Phil said.  "Keep doing it I like that."

David couldn't keep it up much longer.  Phil's ass was much 
tighter then his girlfriend's cunt and it felt much better.  
After a few more strokes David yelled out, "I'm gonna cum Phil!"

Phil said, "I want you to cum in me."  That was all David needed 
to hear.  One more stroke and he shot his load!  He must have 
shot at least five times.  David's cum was leaking out of Phil's 
ass and onto the sheets.  

They both caught their breath and then Phil said, "Dave, I want 
to cum in your mouth."  David moved his head down to Phil's 
crotch and started licking Phil's balls, then he put one of them 
on his mouth, then the other.  Phil was moaning and going crazy.  
David sucked down as much of his buddy's dick as he could fit in 
his mouth with out choking.  It didn't take long.  Phil was 
cumming and it was filling David's mouth.  David swallowed as 
much of Phil's tasty spunk as he could but, some of it flowed out 
of his mouth and dripped down his lips.  Phil then pulled David 
up on top of him and he kissed him, tasting his own spent cum.  

When they were finished it was four o'clock.  They took a nice 
long swim in the lake and then showered before dinner.  While 
they were eating the hamburgers that Phil cooked, they just 
looked at each other with love in their eyes.  After dinner, Phil 
lit another fire in the fireplace and they laid together thinking 
about how they would spend the rest of their weekend.  



                                               THE END                          
