                                Just the 3 of us
                                       by
                                Ginger #87 @8755

I am a 32-24-34 blonde.  I have been having this fantasy for about a month now
so I thought I would share it with all of you.  Now that the formalities are
over lets get to it!

I would love to find myself on a tropical island with 2 resourceful men. These
men have dark mysterious eyes and are ultimately tan from head to toe. It is a
beach setting and we are all in the nude.  Shaking loose all bonds of our
regular everyday lives.  We begin to take a well deserved ride on the rising,
heated winds of passion.  In the tropical warmth of the magical lair a light
rain shower and cool breeze make my body shudder in esctasy!  One of my love
slaves grips my breasts and sucks my hardened nipple.  The other gently licks
my clit with a flashing, teasing tongue.  It is so sensuous that I reveal small
cries of pleasure and begin begging for more.  As I take ones stiffened cock
and slowly lick around it first I then take this cock fully into my moistened
mouth and then in my throat.  As I am sucking him off while lightly touching
his balls the other man is behind me.  Teasing me with his cock at first.
Making me so hot I cant wait to feel his throbbing dick inside me.  He slowly
puts his cock in as I can feel the entire length of him inside me.  He starts
out pumping slowly as I begin to meet him halfway with every stroke he begins
pounding my pussy from behind.

I have orgasm after orgasm as one shoots his wad down my throat and the other
cums in me.  I guess you could call me a sex kitten.  There are times when I
feel like a cat.  My flesh is soft, and I am cuddly, and love the feeling of
fingers rubbing my back.

I'm dying to hear about YOUR fantasies.  Please share them with me as I love
to share with you all and pray you will only return the favor!

                                                           Ginger
