The Beaches

By SwampRat

(C) 1989 The Brotherhood Of Pan

"Of all the crummy places to get sent to! This island is 50 miles
from anywhere, and nothing but sand, a hut, and the seals... Well,
Sea-Lions. And noisy? Keep me up half the night! One little slip-up,
and I get tossed here... Oh yeah, I am supposed to be recording
'scientific data' on the little Bastar**... Well, at least I am getting
a good tan. Bye for now, John." He folded the letter in half and put it
with the rest of the mail. Boat wasn't due for another 2 Months...
Hell, might as well go sit on the beach, and take some more notes...
Removing his trunks so he wouldn't have a "bikini-line", the young man
went out onto the beach, and got comfortable. John was lying on the
warm sand, enjoying life, when one of the pups came over, squalling as
usual, and decided that his big toe was a nipple in disguise. So it
started sucking, and slurping, and salivating all over his foot. He
waited until the animal was done, which took a few minutes, then shook
it off, and folded it up against his groin. Crossed the other one up,
and into his hip socket in a classical yoga move. He sat contemplating
his navel, until the little twerp came back. "Must be weaning time
again," he thought. That's when the juveniles would suck on anything to
see if it gave milk. He had been observing, and jotting down such
behavior for a week now.

Noisy as ever, the creature wanted to try out that oddly-shaped teat
again... It sniffed around him, barking every now-and-again. John
thought about shooing it away, but didn't want to break his
concentration. The Sea-Lion pup did that for him... It put a wet
flipper on either thigh, and dived for the middle. All of a sudden, the
young man found himself with a hungry piniped attached to his cock! He
yelped, and looked down into one brown eye. Tried coaxing it off with a
finger, but the animal wanted the "nipple" it had found. Then John
forgot about everything, as his penis expanded in the warmth. Six weeks
without any company but his hand... he dug his fingers into the dry
sand, as a rough tongue raked across the sensitive underside. The
Sea-Lion let out a grunt, then slobbered over the cock, sucking harder.
The young man couldn't take but a few minutes of this. He clutched his
thighs, balls rumbling under the smooth chin. The animal knew something
was going on, because it stepped up it's suction, and when the cum
splashed against the back of it's throat, it squeezed rythemically on
John's maleness with it's thick tongue, literally milking him, until
nothing more could be coaxed out, not by suction or friction... The
Sea-Lion gave snort, then a guttural growl, and dropping his shrinking
dick, made it's way back out to the sea.

John was about ready to pass-out... Sunofabitch! He went over to a
deserted spot, and washed himself with sea-water. Too cold to take a
dip yet.. and too hot to stay in the sun... Time to get into the
hammock. He had made the thing from two pieces of rope and a ten foot
by six foot piece of canvas. It had lots of holes, but still held his
weight securely, so he hadn't bothered patching the cloth. The young
man lay down, and as a gentle breeze made the canopy sway, drifted off
into slumber... Someone came splashing out of the foam, laughing,
running to greet him. It was Mike! How the hell did he get here?!?
Never mind that, just kiss me you fool... And they kissed, and felt
each other's bodies, and rolled in the surf, finally ending up between
each other's thighs. He played with the man-meat, licking on it,
enjoying the feeling of warm breath on his cock. He slid the cock into
his mouth, feeling wet, eager lips do the same to him. Then Mike
growled just like one of the animals... And John woke up, sucking on
his thumb. Damnit! He pulled his appendage out of his mouth, and
noticed that the lips were still attached, if anything even more wanton
in their grasping. No... He looked over the side of his hammock to see
another animal, it's nose pressed against the canvas, slavering away on
his erection.

'Oh, Shit! Must've slipped through one of the holes...' "Unnnh!" He
grabbed the sides, another orgasm setting his nerves on fire. The
Sea-Lion's strong throat muscles pulled the cum from his testicles.
Then a muscular tongue not only stripped the remaining ejaculate out of
the fleshy pole, but did it so thorough a job, it's owner got another
mouthful of cum. Frustrated it couldn't get any more "milk", the animal
barked, and went off in search of another source, while the man lay in
a stupor, unable to even twitch, eyes staring at each other. When John
finally gathered enough strength to move, he flopped out of the
hammock, and crawled into the hut. The young man lay, half-in, and
half-out, for a while, then heard a commotion coming out from behind
him. Now what??? A whiskered snout tickled his heel. Not again... "Go
away!" he croaked, shoving weakly at the creature with one foot. But
this animal wasn't about to be put off so easily. It sniffed up his leg
stopping at the junction. It nuzzled his balls, and sniffed his dick,
but really seemed to be fascinated by his buttocks. It sniffed every
inch of his ass, then stuck it's nose into the valley. John could only
grunt, and wave a hand feebly, as the animal moved up his spinal
cord,stopping to lick at a patch of skin. Long flippers lay on either
side of his thighs, as the animal rubbed it's smooth skin against his
tan hide. It wasn't until he felt something long and thick press
against his ass that John realized what the animal wanted.

"It must be one of the younger males", He thought, "Not big enough to
steal a female, but still horny." He chuckled when he remembered
watching one try to screw a coconut, and had made numerous accounts of
them humping the sand in frustration... He gasped as 7 inches of
slippery animal-cock slid through his butt-cheeks. John flexed his
gluteals, pressing on the maleness, holding it in place. That wasn't
such a good idea. The animal barked, and piniped ejaculate squirted all
over his buttocks. John though that now the creature had finished it
would leave him in peace. But instead of moving off of the exhausted
human, the Sea-Lion stroked his sides, and slid it's cock through the
slime, finding the puckered anal ring, which resisted the intruder for
a moment. But it was no match for the streamlined tip, slick with cum,
and sweat. John groaned, as the entire length slowly made it's way into
his entrails. The Sea-Lion growled, shoving it's hips down, until a
leathery sheath was pressed against the tanned cheeks. Nuzzling his
neck, the animal buggered him with long, slow strokes. The young man
wiggled his toes as his prostate gland was massaged, thoroughly. 'Wow,
This was a turn-on, and a..." "Ummmmph!"

John thought about raising up, and get that last little bit, but the
animal didn't seem to mind, quite happy to slide only 9/10ths of it's
maleness into the warm, tight orifice. Nor did he seem to care when the
human slumped forward, as he came in a flurry of quick humps. The
Sea-Lion lay on top of the man for a few minutes, sated. Then it pulled
it's shrinking cock out of the wonderful hole it had found, and made
it's way back to the sea. John crawled the rest of the way into the
hut, secured the door, and passed out..

.....

When he awoke the next morning, he jotted down the new information,
editing out all references to sex. Then he stretched, went out to the
'bathroom', and ate breakfast. Time to get into the surf.. A luxurious
swim refreshed him. Then a stretch on the sun... He awoke to leathery
skin rubbing his butt.. Oh, No! Not Again!! Yes, again... The animal
drove him into the soft sand, grunting, and nuzzling his neck. This one
was bigger. and came faster. John grunted, found himself responding to
the animal's buggering. The cock slid deep, spewed it's semen. The
Sea-Lion panted in his ear, stroked his sides, humped slowly. Then
faster, eager to ejaculate again into the anus which gripped him like
no female had ever done. John's penis was grated into the soft sand,
heightening his own orgasm. The piniped yelped, the man's ass throbbing
around it's 9-inch maleness. It plowed in to the hilt, spurting. John
bucked his hips upwards, lifting the animal up. The Sea-Lion grabbed
the human tightly, still humping. It slid out reluctantly, balls
drained. Made it's way down the beach. This time John welcomed the
attention of the adolescent who slurped up the last of his cum.

The time passed in much the same manner. He would take a dip, 'feed'
one of the hungry animals, get buggered by a horny male. When it came
time, John almost hated to put his trunks, but did. Greeted the
Crewmember who brought supplies, and mail. Then when the man had left,
he put everything away, and looked over the bundle of papers.. A letter
from Mark. One from the Company he worked for... He was Going Home! The
season was almost over, so they were yanking him in early. The next
time the ship came, he was to leave with it! John bit his lip. He was
going to miss the warm beach, the even warmer animals.. Ah, well. Then
he opened the other one. A 'Dear John,' Letter.. The young man found
himself not even caring. He had many lovers now. Let the Bitch have the
floozy!

....

The days flew by, not many Sea-Lions were left. The day before the
ship was to arrive he went out to say farewell to the beach, and get in
a few hours of nude sun-bathing... A whiskered smooch told John that
another male had come looking for either a meal or a good lay. He
turned his head, as the animal lay beside him, poking at his butt with
it's erection. He grinned, stroked it for a moment, then pressed the
seeping tip to his ass-hole. Moaned as all 9-inches plowed in. A second
bull came up the shore-line. He looked at them, grunted, and pressed
his nose between the man's legs. A copy of what was sliding between his
butt-cheeks, stared him in the face. It occurred to him that in all
this time, he had never sucked on them. Well... He grasped the rubbery
pole, licking on the testicles. They tasted salty, and good. The
Sea-Lion grunted around his cock, sucking harder. It moaned when he let
his tongue slide along the length of it's dick. He sucked the tip in,
noting the flavor was like it nuts, salty and male. He swallowed the
rubbery flesh to where it vanished into the penile slit. Sucked with
abandon, reveling in having 2 males at the same time.. The only problem
was, they were both premature ejaculators.. 'Wham, Bam, Thank You.. '
Oh, Shit!! The Sea-Lion had no more than pulled out of his ass, than
another, bigger cock filled the vacant hole. His mouth too, had another
penis to work upon. Someone munched his tortured testicles, before
gulping down his rock-hard maleness.

And he would no more finish off one horny piniped, than another took
it's place. His anus was swamped with semen, cum poured into his
gullet, his nuts made to give up yet another mouthful of rich cream..
The orgy lasted most of the day. Finally, when the last cock had been
drained, no more could be gotten out of his balls, and piniped cum
dripped over his buns, they left. John crawled out to the sea's edge.
Washed as best he could, and went onto his shack for a long snooze.

....

When the boat came, it found an empty hut. For John had not been
alone. A tribe of Island Natives had used the beach for their fertility
rites. The  light-skinned one had been chosen by the SeaGods. He had
mated with the FurryOnes, as they did. It took very little persuasion
on their part to get him to come with them. He did stare at their
11-inch manhoods.. They grinned, watching his interest grow as they
told of the other rites, other animals. They got into canoes, and
paddled to another Island, Where dogs greeted them with barks and
licks, and other men, also nude, welcomed the new one. That night, as
John lay next to a large, male dog whom he was slowly buggering, he
smiled. So Mark had found someone new... Well, so had he! The animal
growled, rubbed his head against the smooth chest, thrust his slick
doggy-cock through long fingers. Laamna hoped Master came before sleep
overtook them both. He yawned, and wriggled in the human's lap,
impatient to feel his new master's penis swell inside his guts. He got
his wish too...

The End
