
                                  BRENBLK2.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                                 My Subjugation
                                  (continued)
                                   Chapter 2

      As the weeks went by Brenda was quickly expanding her photo collection.
Now that she took over my house she quite her job and lived very well on my
labor. There were many days when she ordered me to work overtime and not to
come home before a certain hour.  These were days, I knew, when my sexy blonde
wife would be in my bed, sucking and fucking a large black weapon. When I would
arrive home she would command me to orally service her overly stretched, blonde
cunt.

      One Saturday, when I did not have to work, Brenda informed me that
several of her girlfriends were coming over for a club meeting or something and
that I should clean the entire house thoroughly and prepare refreshments that I
would be serving to them. "You are to obey the slightest wish or command made
by myself or any of my guests, also you are to wear this and nothing else," she
ordered as she handed me a French maid's apron.  It was small, covering little
more than my crotch, and was made of lacy, black satin.  A wave of anxiety and
humiliation swept over me as I realized that I was to be their little boy toy.

      The ladies began arriving around two and I had to greet each guest at the
door wearing only my very small apron.  My distress increased with each new
arrival due to the fact that they all looked vaguely familiar to me. I waited
on these beautiful girls hand and foot, trying my best to keep from exposing my
diminutive endowment (that would have really been embarrassing!) as I racked my
brain trying to place those beautiful faces.  Was it through my acquaintances,
or work, or... my heart was in my throat!! Oh, how could Brenda have taken a
foolish chance as this!  If one of these sexy ladies should recognize me and
blow the whistle, we'll both be on the streets in amatter of weeks!

      There were more than a dozen ladies in our living room all jabbering at
once. They met once a week, I was informed, each time at a different girls
house. I wormed my way through the crowd serving drinks, getting pinched on my
naked ass and generally getting the same kind of verbal abuse that a female bar
wench would receive. They all congratulated Brenda on how well she had trained
her little boy\servant\husband and before long all of them were seated and
began discussing the topic that brought all these sexy women together muscular,
dominant, well hung black men! Suddenly I realized how I knew their faces, from
the pictures on Brenda's secret room walls!

      These sexy white women were here to compare notes and gloat over their
most recent black cock conquests: who found the biggest?, who found the most?,
who fulfilled the wildest fantasy?, etc...  Most of them brought pictures, all
of them had shamefully naughty stories to tell and a few even brought along
personal videos of their exploits (I was ordered to leave the room when these
were played).

      These ladies were getting quite aroused listening to all this black
cock\white pussy talk and many began to get a dreamy look in their eyes as they
groped themselves through their clothes.  Brenda made me gather up her black
phallus statues from the secret room and distribute them among the ladies as
they ohhhed and awwwed. She told the story that went with each one while some
of the ladies eyed the black dongs, then glanced at my apron and giggled. I
felt my cock and balls begin to shrink.

      As the women nuzzled and fondled these long, black toys the topic seemed
to naturally change to their white husbands inadequacies.  It was as though
they were competing with each other over who's husband had the smallest white
penis, and who's was the wimpiest sexual performer.  I felt my penis shrink
even more! I learned that all of their husbands were subjected to the same
humiliating status of servant that I had been reduced to and that they were
blackmailed into participating in their wife's black cock fantasies to a degree
I was destined to experience myself.  As I listened to the sordid acts they
forced their husbands to perform, I saw Brenda's eyes bug and I knew I was
listening to my own future!

      All this went on for about two hours when Brenda stood and announced that
it was time for me to be formally introduced to the group.

      Brenda made me stand in front of all her girlfriends as she told them
about how our relationship had began and developed. Inspired by the moment, she
was especially heartless about it too, telling them about her activities and my
wimpy behavior in the black nightclubs, and about how I made a fool of myself
on our wedding night (she left out no details). She made me recite my oath and
ordered me to tell these beautiful white women all about the secret room (they
already knew about it) and how I have to orally service my white wife after the
black cock of her choice has deposited it's sperm deep inside her.  Finally,
she made me confess my most sensitive secret -- the dimensions of my
underdeveloped penis!!

      "Four and one half inches when erect," I whimpered.

      The room was suddenly filled with humiliating laughter.  I wanted to sink
through the floor and disappear but my little Brenda had other plans for me. I
instinctively covered my crotch with my hands and discovered to my horror that
my penis was still shrunken but had became hard as a rock.  All the ladies were
on the edge of their seats,

      "Make him show it to us, Brenda," they pleaded, "we want to see what kind
of 'man' you have."  Brenda was getting off on my degradation, "Expose your
puny penis," she commanded, "so my friends can see what I have to endure."

      I hesitated, I expected an embarrassing evening but not like this, but I
knew that I must obey.  No matter how degrading this was, the consequences of
refusing would be far worse!

      I decided to get this over with quickly.  Grabbing the hem of my frilly
apron, I yanked it up, exposing my fully erect, though significantly shrunken,
penis. My ears were assaulted by a huge outburst of disbelieving laughter,
uncontrolled shrieks and derisive catcalls.

      I stood there in inferior shame and endured remarks like:

      "Oh but he's just a little boy!," and

      "Poor little Brenda. No wonder you refuse to have sex with him,"

      "He's got white man's disease -- they stop growing at age 9,"

      "Are you sure that's 4"1/2 ? Looks like only 3" to me"

      "You'll never satisfy ANY woman with that squirt gun!"

      "All you white men are so pathetically small!"

      Etc....

      One of the girls, a very striking brunette, ordered me to approach her.
As I stood trembling before her, she reached out and grasped both my balls as
well as my penis in the grip of just one hand.

      "God, he's so tiny" she giggled, applying a firm and painful squeeze, "we
can have a lot of fun putting this little boy in his place."

      "Let's call up one of our studs and invite him over for an interracial
cock comparison," another interjected, "you know, black man versus white man!
We haven't done that in recent weeks."

      "Only because we've been to busy lately with making Julie's wimp husband
drive us with our black studs around the neighborhood in his van" someone else
responded, she turned to me and explained how the poor white husband was naked
from the waist down and how all the white girls were engaged in sucking off
their black men while cruising the streets of his neighborhood.  I could just
imagine some of the reactions they provoked and wondered how they kept from
getting arrested.

      As I looked over all these beautiful women, I thought of all their
frustrated white husbands and how they, like me, had to endure a sexless
marriage while having to witness a public displayof the interracial fantasies
of their wives.

      The girls finally decided on the first suggestion and it was agreed that
Brenda should call one of her favorites to come over so the girls could make a
side by side comparison.  As Brenda cooed to her ebony stud over the phone,
several of the girls shot a mischievous glance at me as though to say 'you're
gonna get yours, but good!'.

      While the girls waited for the arrival of "the big black dick," they
amused themselves by passing me around so that each could tease and degrade me
-- a few even made me suck their toes while jacking myself off! I was getting
more anxious by the minute.  For the first time, I would be forced to come face
to face with one of my wife's objects of lust and I wasn't sure how I would
react. The fact that I was totally nude and sprouting a very shrunken three
inch erection didn't help matters any.

      The black stud arrived.  He was about six inches taller than I and well
muscled.  He immediately became the center of attention and all the girls
swarmed him, smothering him with kisses and groping at the bulge in his jeans.
Brenda quickly took control of the situation by declaring that their would be
time for all that later, ordered the girls to sit down, commanded me to get
down on my knees before the superiority of a black man and told the group that
my initiation would now begin.

      As I knelt there, looking directly at the large bulge that protruded just
inches before my face, I had to again recite my oath. The enormous black stud
laughed when the ladies began urging him to pull out his big black weapon to
show me what a 'real man's' cock was like.  I just wished that this was all a
bad dream.  Brenda made me undo the stud's fly, remove his jeans, and slowly
pull his briefs down over that incredible bulge revealing more and more ebony
meat.  Like a jack-in-the-box, the black mans heavy, massive cock sprang free
and slapped me across the face!  The white girls squealed uncontrollably. The
black stud chuckled deeply.  Despite my effort to minimize my humiliation by
showing no emotions, I gasped out loud!  The black man's dick looked like one
of those summer sausages that hung in the butchers window!

      "OOOOHH make him suck it," some of the girls pleaded to my wife, "We want
to see your husband suck off your lover's cock."

      My god, but these girls were heartless.  Here I was, on my knees before
my beautiful wife's black lover, looking down the barrel of a foot long dong
that has repeatedly taken something that my small white penis never has and
probably never will have -- namely, my wife's tight, blonde pussy -- and these
girls want to denigrate me even more by forcing me to suck on that black fuck
muscle! Brenda handed me the tape measure.  I had to measure the length and
circumference of that black reproductive organ, while it was still flaccid,
calling out my findings-"ten inches long,  and   eight inches around."  Then I
had to do the same for my own stiff erection -- "Four inches long, and three
and a half inches around." Again the girls broke out in giggles.

      Heavy weights were hung from my balls so that I could not readily move
without suffering excruciating pain, my scrotum being stretched down several
inches.  A bright, pink ribbon was tied, way too tight, at the base of my
inferior penis, cutting off it's circulation. My weenie turned a deep purple.
I was ordered to grasp the massive, black babymaker with both hands and
stimulate it until an ebony erection was achieved.  Aside from the heavy
breathing of several overheated white girls, you could have heard a pin drop in
that room. They all wanted to see how big it would get!

      As I shamefully caressed his turgid black dick with impossibly long
strokes,  I wondered what it was like for my wife when she took this monster
deep inside her.  I didn't wonder for long because my wife called me a
cocksucking white wimp and forced my head forward onto his shaft, slapping my
balls so that when I opened my mouth to scream,  the swollen black head was
squeezed into my mouth!  Brenda then grabbed my ears and began pushing and
pulling my head so that I was being facedfucked.  All the girls roared!!

      I gagged repeatedly.  His meat had a strong smoky, musky flavor that I
recognized from my cunt lapping cleanup sessions with my wife.I prayed that
this black man would not cum in my mouth, that insult would be just too hard to
bear, but fortunately he had other plans for his black baby-making juice.  The
largest black dildo in the room was produced, greased up, and rammed up my ass!
The pain was intense but I couldn't scream with my superior black master
filling my mouth so completely.  There were numerous bright flashes from the
many cameras that were recording my degradation for posterity. The girls
particularly got a kick out of taking turns brutally thrusting that symbol of
black power up my intimidated white anus. After several minutes of these
horrors, the dark, dusky horse cock was pulled from my throat with a loud pop
and was quickly gobbled up by several hungry, feminine mouths and I was given a
brief respite.

      These gals were feverishly sucking and slurping on that mule dick while I
was made to sit on the floor with that black phallus still imbedded in my
bowels. My wife approached me.  She was completely nude and she thrust her
beautiful pussy into my face.  By force of habit I began to orally worship her
blonde muff, but this time was different. Instead of the usual musky, salty
smells and tastes that assault my senses when I clean her after one of her
black cock breeding sessions -- Brenda's pink, blonde pussy was fresh, sweet,
and exquisitely perfumed. My hardon raged as my anal passage throbbed with a
dull ache.  God how I desperately wanted to fuck my wife!  I knew that for her
black lovers it must be a sensation beyond belief!!

      For that matter, I would have done anything for a chance to fuck any one
of the sex starved beauties that filled my living room.  But alas, with my
pea-shooter I knew I didn't stand a chance.  These girls did not fuck white
men.

      These sluts only fucked superior, divinely endowed, black breeding stock!

      Our ebony stallion was performing beautifully.  By now, all of the girls
had gotten a deep throat taste of his dusky dong but now the girls desperately
needed their tight cunts filled and stretched.  One black buck was better than
all their husbands put together, but there simply wasn't enough cock to
properly service the twenty or so white girls that needed attention.  Nobody
even considered me as a possibility.  More telephone calls were made and
"reinforcements" were soon on their way. In the meantime, I was the
entertainment.  I was made to stand toe to toe with the Stud so the women could
make a side profile comparison.  As he was taller than me, the base of his
thick, dark weapon started out several inches higher than my own thin, pale
member.  It was so massive, gravity pulled his mighty erection into a hanging
arch until the broad tip of it's fist-size head hung down several inches below
mine.  More camera flashes.  More degrading laughter.  Using both hands, a
petite blond grasped the black trunk and, swinging it like a rope, smashed the
heavy dark head into my underdeveloped balls!  I collapsed onto the floor in
agony grasping at my crotch.

      All of the Black men must have arrived at the same time.  When the pain
in my privates subsided somewhat, I looked up to see at least a dozen black
bucks circulating through the throngs of naked, hyperventilating white sluts
who had fallen to their knees and begging for their meat.  These ebony bucks
were strutting proudly through the throngs of adoring submissives, their
impressive reproductive organs swinging obscenely down around their knees.
Within moments my house was filled with the sights, smells and sounds of an
intense, interracial orgy! Girls were hopping from stud to stud.

      Tight, white twats were stretched beyond what nature intended!!

      Large quantities of cum were boiling forth from big, black testicles,
through long, thick cocks to blast into and onto these luscious white females!
I was forced to suck many large deposits from between many white, creamy thighs
and a number of thick, heavy loads of black-breeding spunk was blasted onto my
face.

      Brenda's subjugation of my manhood was now complete.  I had to accept the
pathetic, obscene yet erotic future that lay before me!

                        ..............to be continued in
                           BRENDA GETS BLACKED! CH. 3

