Subject: Bobbie sue #1 Date: Thu, 15 Aug 96 13:08:00 +0000 From: Hawaiian
Heat <hheat@accessus.net> To: yonny@worldnet.att.net

>From nobody@REPLAY.COM Tue Jul 09 06:20:19 1996 Newsgroups:
alt.sex.stories Subject: Repost: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 1(exhib, wife) From:
nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) Date: 9 Jul 1996 15:20:19 +0200

**********************Warning**********************************************
* A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer to my
letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting
my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't
eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic
material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman
having sex with several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.
Okay?

Tuesday, April 30

Hi Everybody,

The following is a true story.  It is not as wild as most of the stories
I've read here, but then, most of those aren't true.  My name is Bobbi Sue,
and just recently, I decided to spice up my sex life. But first, let me
tell you about myself.  I am pretty short, only 5'1" tall, and I weigh
about 105 pounds.  My blond hair is shoulder length and my eyes are blue.
I've been told that I'm cute, and without trying to sound conceited, I
think it's true.  I exercise every day, either running, roller-blading,
swimming, or cross-country skiing (in the winter, of course), and as a
result, my body is in really good shape.  My measurements are 34A-22-34,
and while my boobs are kind-of small, I have very prominent nipples.  I've
also been told that my best feature is my nicely-shaped butt.  I am happily
married, but my husband doesn't know about my latest exploits.

It all started when I discovered this newsgroup.  Actually, my husband
showed it to me as an example of how perverted some areas of the internet
were.  He is pretty prudish for a young guy (he's 26 and I'm 30), and I
guess he thinks I am too.  I guess I never gave him any indication that I
might like some things that might sound a little kinky.  And I'm not likely
to now, knowing how he feels about such things.  I'm not complaining; we
have great sex together, so it's not like I NEED anything more.

Anyway, I started reading some of the stories in this newsgroup every once
in a while.  The ones that really get me wound up are the ones where
husbands like to watch their wives with multiple partners.  I personally
can't think of anything sexier than having several guys ravish me.  I mean,
seriously, what woman wouldn't like that.  The stories I read got me really
hot!  And usually, I'd wait for Tom (my husband) to get home, and seduce
him.  But sometimes I couldn't wait. On those occasions, I would go up to
the bedroom and masturbate.  At first I felt kind-of guilty.  I mean, I
quit masturbating when I got married four years ago!  But after a few
times, I just felt good, not guilty.

The first time I did it, I used my fingers on my clit, and that was great!
After the first few times, though, I started craving some penetration, so I
started using my fingers inside my pussy.  I would usually start out using
just one finger, but would eventually end up with four fingers buried to
the last knuckle in my slit.  Well, that was good, but I found myself
craving something bigger and deeper. That's when I started using brush
handles, candles, bottles, and eventually vegetables.  Now when I go
grocery shopping, I select the carrots and cucumbers based on how I think
they would fill my pussy!

But that's not what this story is about!  Like I said, I really enjoyed the
stories of women who had multiple partners.  I also liked the ones about
women who liked to show off their bodies.  I started fantasizing about
showing off my body, and I would think about that too when I masturbated.
Then, about two weeks ago, I got a chance to actually do it!

Like I said, I exercise a lot.  Now that Spring is here, I've been going
for noon runs.  I work at a small manufacturing firm that is located about
10 miles outside of town, and there are lots of trails and two-track roads
to run on.  Now, most of these two-tracks and trails are pretty deserted.
Actually, the chances of meeting another person on any of them is pretty
remote, so on hot days, I had been fantasizing about running naked!  I
figured that it would be really thrilling, and the chance of anyone
actually seeing me would be about 1 in 100.  So, two weeks ago on a
particularly warm day, I decided to do it!

I left work on my noon run wearing my usual running shorts and top.  I had
to run a little way on the road to get to my favorite trail. After I'd
turned onto the trail and run a little ways, I stopped and adjusted my
shorts.  The running shorts that I wear are pretty short and they have
splits on both sides to allow for leg movement.  They also have a sewn in
nylon brief that takes the place of underwear. The brief also serves to add
a degree of modesty in windy weather, because the split shorts have a
tendency to blow up like a skirt in windy conditions.  To make the picture
even clearer, let's just say that if there was no sewn-in brief, my ass
would be clearly visible a lot of the time on windy days!  And today was a
windy day!  Anyway, when I say that I adjusted my shorts, I mean to say
that I pulled the sewn-in brief up between my cheeks, so that both of my
cheeks would be in plain sight in even the lightest breeze.  I also pulled
my shorts up as high as they would go.  This had the effect of baring the
bottom part of my ass even without a breeze.  Then I started running again.
It felt yummy!  I could feel the breeze on my exposed ass, and the brief
that I'd pulled up between my cheeks was working it's way between my
quite-wet pussy lips.

I ran for about a mile like this, getting hornier by the minute.  Then
without stopping, I pulled my running top over my head!  Now I was topless,
too!  God, what a feeling of freedom!  I decide to hide my top by the side
of the trail, so that if I did see someone, I wouldn't be able to cover up
(I knew myself, and I figured that I would chicken out if I had the
chance).  I rationalized that I would not see anyone anyway, in order to
talk myself into leaving my top behind.

So, I did it!  I dropped my top by the side of the trail and ran on. My
usual turn-around spot was only about a mile further down the trail, so I
would only be vulnerable for those two miles (one out and one back).
Knowing that I couldn't put my top on if I saw someone made me pretty
nervous, but I ran on enjoying the feeling of the wind on my bare skin, the
bounce of my unrestrained boobs, and the pleasurable feeling caused by the
material wedged between my pussy lips.  Then it happened!

I was about 1/2 mile from my turn-around point when I rounded a curve in
the trail and practically ran into a guy on a mountain bike!  We barely
missed each other; he veered to my right and I veered left, and we didn't
collide.  My heart skipped a beat, and I kept running right past him.
Meanwhile, he had slammed on his brakes to avoid me, and he was at a
standstill.  I was afraid to look back to see if he was watching me, but I
figured he probably was, because I hadn't heard him move after our near
collision.  I continued to run away from him, knowing that he had gotten a
good close look at my bare breasts, and that he was now being treated to a
clear view of my ass.  God, was I horny!!  Just thinking about him watching
me brought me close to an orgasm.  There weren't any more curves between me
and the turn-around point, and I wondered if he would still be there
watching when I reached it and turned to run back.  I didn't know what I
would do if that were the case, so I just ran on and concentrated on the
feeling of the material rubbing between my pussy lips.

I reached the turn-around and I turned to run back along the trail I had
just run out on.  The mountain biker was gone!  What a relief.  I don't
think I could have faced running toward him for a half mile as he watched
me draw ever nearer.  I continued to run on, thinking of how exciting it
had been knowing that this strange guy was watching my bare ass as I ran
away from him.  I almost stopped to bring myself to an orgasm with my
fingers, but I decided to postpone it as long as I could stand it.  That
way, my orgasm would be that much more intense when I finally did give in.

I rounded the corner where I'd had my encounter with the mountain biker,
and there in the trail about a half mile away, I saw a guy sitting on a
bike.  It occurred to me that that was just about where I had discarded my
sport top!

I ran towards him.  As I drew nearer, I could see that he was facing me and
appeared to be watching me intently.  I tried to imagine what must be going
through his head, what he must think of me.  Here I was, nearly naked,
running towards him, with my boobs bouncing.  He must obviously think that
I am a loose woman, I mean, who else would do what I was doing.  As I drew
nearer, I saw that he was holding my sport top!  I knew that I would have
to stop and ask him for it!  I would have to talk to him! God was I
nervous!  And excited!!  The closer I drew, the more I could see, and visa
versa, I suppose.

He was sitting on his mountain bike, and it looked like he had his bike
shorts pulled down!  When I was about 100 yards away, I could see that he
was using my sport top to massage his penis!

I came to a dead stop.  Did I really want to get any closer?  This guy
could try to rape me!  As wet as my pussy was, it surely wouldn't hurt, but
I really hadn't bargained on being unfaithful to my husband. Well, I had to
get that running top in order to go back to work, so I walked toward him.
I don't know why, but I didn't try to cover myself; I guess I was kind of
mesmerized.  When I was within ten feet of him, I could clearly see his
cock.  He had my sport bra wrapped around his hand and he was rubbing it on
his cock.  It was a nice looking cock, kind of big, circumcised, and very
hard.  I walked a little closer and asked if I could please have my top
back.  He said that he wasn't done with it yet, but that he would give it
back pretty soon.  Then he asked me to turn around.  I asked him why he
wanted me to turn around, and he told me that he wanted to see my beautiful
ass again.

I couldn't turn down a request like that, so I turned around and bent over,
exposing my ass to his penetrating stare.  Then he said he was going to
fuck me!  Well, that was not in the plan and I told him that I wouldn't
allow it!  Well, thank God he was a decent guy!  He said that he wouldn't
fuck me if I didn't want to be fucked, but maybe I would consent to suck
him off!  Well, I told him that that was also beyond the limits.  Meanwhile
he was still stroking his cock on my sport bra.  It was really erotic,
watching him doing that, standing in front of him practically naked.
Exasperated, he asked me what was within the limits.

Feeling very daring, I peeled down my running shorts, letting them drop to
the ground.  I stepped out of them and approached this guy.  I just wanted
to touch his cock.  So, straddling the front wheel of his bike, I reached
forward and stroked his dick!  He reached forward with his hand and pinched
my clit with his fingers.  He talked dirty to me, saying all kinds of nasty
things as he rubbed my clit!  Then he leaned forward a little more and slid
two fingers into my sopping pussy.  God did that feel good.  He asked me if
he could cum on my face and I said that I thought that might be okay.  I
was so hot!!  I needed something in my pussy, something that could go
deeper than his fingers, but I didn't want to be unfaithful to Tom!  Then I
spied his bike frame pump!

It was about as big around as a smallish cock, but way longer than his
fingers!  Then, with an evil look in my eye, I asked him if I could use his
pump!  He knew what I had in mind as he reached down to get the pump and
handed it to me.

I stood up and backed away a little, then I turned around and bent over at
the waist.  I wanted to make sure he could see what I was doing as I slowly
slid his bike pump between my legs and into my pussy.  He stood up and his
bike fell over.  He moved closer to me and began really pumping his cock
through his fist.  I matched him stroke for stroke as I rammed his bike
pump in and out of my pussy!  My knees kind of buckled as I started
cumming, and I fell to my knees on the ground.  I had the presence of mind
to keep the pump planted firmly in my pussy as I had one mind-bending
orgasm after another.  Then he told me he was going to cum, and he aimed
his cock at my mouth.  The first couple of jets of cum hit my face, and
then I gave in to my lust and leaned forward engulfing his cock!  I felt
deliciously sinful as he erupted another two or three jets of cum into my
mouth.

When it was all over, I let his cock drop from between my lips.  He cleaned
up my face with my sport top and pulled me to my feet.  I didn't want to
get into any big discussions of why I was out there dressed like that, so I
told him that I had to go and I asked him not to follow me.  He said he
wouldn't follow me if I didn't want him to. I picked up my shorts and he
gave me my top.  Then I turned and ran off down the trail towards work
completely naked.  He yelled to me that he hoped he'd see me again and I
replied that maybe he would.

After I'd run a little ways, I rounded a corner and stopped to get dressed.
As I put my sport top on, I felt the stickiness of the cum that he'd wiped
from my face with my top.  I could taste the cum he'd shot into my mouth,
and I knew that I'd really shown my stuff today.

Well, work was interesting that afternoon.  I had to go to the bathroom
twice to masturbate.  I held off on drinking or eating anything for a while
so that I could savor the taste of his cum. Then, when I got home, I fucked
my husband's brains out.  He wondered why I was so horny, and I just told
him that it was just one of those days.

So, that's my story.  I swear that it is true.  I've seen the same guy
twice since then, but I haven't done any repeat performances.  The last
time I saw him he did tell me that he would be biking with a group of
friends next Saturday, and invited me to show my stuff to all of them.  He
rode his bike alongside me that day and told me how hot I looked when I was
fucking myself with his pump.  Then he asked if I'd like to do it again as
he and his friends jacked off on me.  He promised that no one would touch
me if I didn't want them too.  I told him that I would think about it, but
that he had better have a fatter pump next time!

So, who knows, maybe with a little encouragement from all of you, I'll do
it.  Then I'll write another story to tell you all how it went. So, what do
you think?  Should I meet them?

Bye,

Bobbi Sue Subject: Bobbi's Adventure 2 (exhib, dildo) From:
nobody@utopia.hacktic.nl (Anonymous User) Date: 9 May 1996 22:19:41 +0200
Message-ID: <4mtk0t$fff@basement.replay.com>

Hi Everyone,

I have to apologize to you.  I posted this story through the anon.penet
server last Monday (5/6/96), and I've been waiting for it to show up in the
newsgroup.  Well, it hasn't yet, and I have more recent events to tell you
about (something happened today).  So, I am posting this letter about what
happened last weekend, and I'm also posting a letter that I wrote today
about what happened today (through another remailer).  So here is the
letter that I wrote on Monday.

Well, I decided to meet with the group of mountain bikers.  It was easy for
me to arrange to get away last Saturday for a couple of hours.  Tom (my
husband) knows that I am pretty fanatical about my workouts, and he never
questions me about them.  I guess he likes what they do for my body.
Anyway, it would have been easy to get away, and I had decided to do it.
Unfortunately, it was cold and rainy all weekend!  So, I didn't go.

I was really disappointed.  I mean, I had worked up the courage to meet a
group of strange men and let them jack off on me as I masturbated.  I had
really been looking forward to it, and I had a lot of pent-up sexual
energy.

Well, to relieve some of my frustration on Saturday morning, I attacked Tom
and fucked him senseless.  Unfortunately, it wasn't enough to completely
satisfy me, but it was good.  I decided that I still needed to get a
workout in, so I made plans to go to the gym. We live fairly close to a
health club, and I often go there to lift weights or use the stairmaster or
treadmill.  So, I packed my gym bag and headed out for my workout.

If I expected to work off my sexual energy at the gym, I picked the wrong
day to do it!  You would not believe how many good looking guys were there.
Anyway, I started with some stretches, and I noticed that I was getting a
lot of looks from the guys.  This is pretty usual, and I always like the
attention.  Anyway, I got an idea.  When I am at the gym, I always wear a
thin T-shirt and shorts, and of course, underwear.  My workout shorts are
the athletic type; you know, with the fleece kind of material they use in
sweat pants.  Anyway, my idea was to go to the lockeroom and remove my
underwear.  So, I got up and went to the lockeroom and did just that!  Then
I checked myself out in the mirror.  The only noticeable change was that
you could see the imprint of my rather-prominent nipples in my T-shirt.

When I got back to the mat where I had started my stretches, I sat down and
resumed stretching out my muscles.  As I leaned forward in my sitting
position to stretch my hamstrings, I noticed that my t-shirt kind-of gapped
around my neck.  I knew that if someone stood in just the right place in
front of me, they would be able to look down my shirt and see my breasts.
I figured that would be pretty cool, and quite possible because there were
several guys walking back and forth in front of me.  So, I waited for one
of them to move into position, then I leaned forward and looked up to make
sure my head wouldn't obstruct his view.  It worked!  This guy looked right
down my shirt, then looked up at my face and caught me smiling at him.  He
gave me a guilty smile back and then quickly walked away, obviously
embarrassed at getting caught.

After my stretches, I moved to the treadmill and ran for 20 minutes. My
little boobs were bouncing the whole time, which made my nipples stand out.
Like I said before, I have very prominent nipples; when they're fully
erect, they stick out almost three quarters of an inch! Just let me say
that I got more than my share of looks from the guys that day.  After my
run (which had gotten my shirt a little wet causing my nipples to be even
more visible), I moved to the weight machines.

Several of the machines require you to sit with your legs spread a little,
and I think I successfully flashed my pussy at a few of the guys.  Of
course it wasn't a clear shot, because I was wearing shorts, not a skirt,
but I think they were able to see up the baggy legs of my shorts.  Then I
moved to the bench press machine and did a few reps. This was the best yet
for flashing my pussy, because I was lying on my back with my legs
straddling the bench, and I'm sure a couple of guys got an eyeful.  But I
wasn't satisfied!  I wanted to show my pussy up close and personal.

Then I got a great idea!  On the lower level of the health club, there were
free weights.  When you do the bench press with free weights, you have to
have someone to "spot" you.  The spotter stands at the end of the weight
bench by your head, ready to catch the weights if you should falter.
Basically, they are there to keep the weights from falling down and pinning
your chest to the bench.  In order to get in a position to be able to do
this, the spotter basically straddles the bench just above the lifters
head.  I knew that if I were to spot someone, they would have a clear view
of my pussy only a foot above there face!  So, I walked down the stairs to
the lower level, looking for someone to spot!  It was pretty disappointing.
There were only a couple of fat guys down there, and I had someone
better-looking in mind to show my pussy to.  So, I got another idea.

I went back upstairs and approached a group of three guys who were working
out together.  I had already flashed these guys, so they were eager to
actually talk to me.  I told them that my training program called for me to
use free weights for my bench press, but that I didn't have anyone to spot
me.  Well, they all volunteered before I could ask them, and we headed
downstairs.  I went first (after all I had asked them to spot me) while one
of the guys spotted me and the other two stood down by my feet and tried to
look up my baggy shorts. Of course, I made it easy for them.  As I pumped
my weights, I couldn't help but notice that my spotter had an erection, and
it looked yummy!

When I finished my first set, I asked who was next, and my spotter said
that he would give it a try.  We put on more weight and I moved up by his
head to spot him.  I straddled his head a little to one side to insure he
could see my pussy!  It was great!  I could tell he was focused on my wet
slit as he did his ten reps.  Then when he was done, I stood my ground and
asked who was next.  Well, we did three sets each, and I spotted all three
guys for all three sets.  The amazing part was that no one commented on my
lack of underwear or wet pussy!

I kept thinking how nice it would be to get all three of these guys alone
somewhere and fuck the shit out of them, but I knew that would be crossing
the line.  So, I thanked them for their help and they said it was their
pleasure, and that they'd be happy to spot me any time I needed one.  I
asked them when they usually worked out and said that I'd look for them.
They also asked me to a party at their fraternity house that night, but I
told them I'd have to take a rain check for now.  At least that left the
door open for what I'm sure could be a really wild time.  Then I said
goodby and went to the lockeroom to change back into my street clothes.
When I got home, I attacked Tom again.  He said that he didn't know what
had come over me, but that he certainly liked it.  I told him that I didn't
know either, but that I liked it, too.

So, I was able to perform in front of a group of guys after all this
weekend.  My performance wasn't as bold as I had planned, but flashing my
pussy to a bunch of guys in a public place was a real thrill.  I don't know
how long I'm going to be satisfied with just performing, though.  All the
while I was with those handsome guys, I really wanted to feel their cocks
in me.  Maybe, if I only did it once in a great while, for a special treat,
it wouldn't be so terrible.  Anyway, I can't wait to meet my mountain biker
next week.  The forecast is for nice weather later this week, so I bet I'll
see him.  I hope his friends are still game for a little fun!

I would appreciate hearing from you guys!  I don't think I don't think I
can make the jump to the next level if you guys don't encourage me. Be sure
to post your words of encouragement to the newsgroup, okay? I'd like to
know if you think I should go further with the guys I meet.  Should I fuck
them?  Let me know what you think.

Bye,

Bobbi Sue


Subject: Bobbi's Adventure 3 (exhib,true) From: nobody@utopia.hacktic.nl
(Anonymous User) Date: 9 May 1996 22:15:40 +0200 Message-ID:
<4mtjpc$fd0@basement.replay.com>

Thursday, May 9, 1996

Hi everybody,

Just thought I'd update you all on what's been happening.  I did see my
friend the mountain biker (turns out his name is Dan) as I had predicted.
He was pretty disappointed that it had rained all weekend, too.  I saw him
today, and he told me he'd been looking for me since Monday.  Seems he was
anxious to see me again.  Today, I was running (as usual) and he was riding
along beside me.  I was wearing a specially modified pair of running
shorts, one I had cut the nylon brief out of.  I had to wear panties under
them until I got to the trails (I didn't want anyone at work to know what a
tease I had become).  Once I got to the trail though, I peeled my panties
off and hid them in the bushes.

And that was what I was wearing on this day when I ran into Dan.  I was
also wearing a white sports bra (the kind you often see women wearing when
they are running.

Anyway, Dan liked my outfit.  He caught up to me from behind, and once he
reached me he made sure to tell me that he had had a clear view of my ass
for the last couple of hundred yards.  I just had to stop and show him what
else was uncovered.  I told him to stop for a minute and I ran a little
ways ahead.

Then I turned toward him and pulled up the front of my shorts, baring my
pussy to him, and walked back toward him.  He whistled and I thanked him
for the compliment.  Then I turned and started to run away.  Of course he
followed me and once he caught up he told me what a pretty pussy I had.  He
also asked me when I was going to let him fuck me.

I reminded him that that was off limits, and he told me that I was cruel.
Well, maybe I was, but this was my show, not his.  Running next to him I
had mixed feelings.  It was kind-of thrilling having this strange guy
there, aware of how little stood between him and my naked body, but on the
other hand, it was nothing new.  I mean, he had already seen me naked!  I
wanted a new thrill, and I felt like Dan was keeping me from it.
Basically, I wanted to get rid of him, so I could be alone!  I told him
that I would make a deal with him.  It was supposed to be a nice weekend,
so I told him to meet me on the trail on Saturday, and to bring his
friends.  Then I told him, that for now, he would have to leave.  Well, he
didn't want to go!  So, I made him another deal.  I told him that I would
give him a blow job on Saturday if he would leave me alone today.  Well,
that was all it took.  Dan said goodby and turned to ride off down the
trail.

After he left, I pulled my sports bra over my head and continued to run.
The further I went, the more daring I felt, and after just a couple of
minutes, I stopped and peeled off my running shorts.  Then, telling myself
I would be cheating if I carried my clothes, I hid my shorts and bra (I did
hide them this time) and headed off down the trail in just my shoes and
socks.

I decided to vary my route a little by taking an intersecting trail. On
this new trail, the foliage was a little more dense, it was a little
twistier, and it was a single track, so there was more cover. However, it
did come fairly close to a rural neighborhood.  I figured if I did see
anyone, with the thick foliage, I'd be able to duck out of sight pretty
easily (after I was sure they saw me, of course). There is one part of the
trail that runs right next to someone's back yard.  I mean, it's a big back
yard; the house is still over a hundred feet from the trail.  Anyway, when
I got to that part of the trail, I was surprised to see a woman sunning
herself in her backyard.  Well, I just kept running.  I can't honestly say
whether I wanted her to look up or not, but she did.  Her mouth dropped
open when she saw me, and I gave her a little wave as the trail carried me
from her view!  It was kind-of fun, and it gave me a thrill to be seen by
someone new.  It was almost better that it was a woman.  I mean, it was
safer.  A women wouldn't be likely to pursue me like a man would.

Anyway, I ran on in my shoes and socks, feeling pretty pleased with myself.
I found myself fantasizing about what it would be like to have approached
her.  I have never been with another woman, but I can't say I have never
thought about it.  In college, I saw my roommate in a 69 with another girl
one night, and I've never been able to get that image out of my mind.
Fortunately (or maybe unfortunately) my roommate didn't see me, so the
issue never came up. But now, I caught myself thinking about doing it with
the woman I'd just seen.

As you might have guessed, this made me even hornier.

I found myself back to the trail that I'd ditched my clothes on, so I
turned onto it and started back toward work.  I didn't see anyone else by
the time I got to my clothes, and I must say I was a little disappointed.
Anyway, I put my clothes back on and headed back towards work.  I was still
pretty horny, so I decided to stop and masturbate.  I stopped running just
before I got back to the road, and found a place out of the way where I
could stand and still see the occasional car driving by.  Then I got naked
and started to play with myself.  It was fun to be so close to the road,
doing what I was doing!  I eventually brought myself to orgasm, and after
resting a little, I put my clothes back on and headed down the road towards
work.

Well, I had run a couple hundred yards when a car went by and the driver
honked and waved.  Then I realized that I hadn't put my panties back on.
Well, I turned around quickly, and headed for the trail where I had stashed
them.  I was almost there when I heard a car come up from behind.  As it
went by, I saw that it was Bob,a guy I worked with.  He smiled and waved as
he drove by, and I waved back.  What bad timing!  I had just about reached
the trail when he passed me, so I now turned onto it and in less than a
minute, I was to the spot where I'd hidden my panties.  I was sure that Bob
had been able to see my bare ass.  I only hoped that he wouldn't tell
anyone.  I've known Bob for several years, and he's always impressed me as
being a nice guy, and not judgmental.  Anyway, I put my panties on and ran
back to work.

Once back at work, I was faced with a problem.  It was likely that Bob
wouldn't tell anyone, but I couldn't be sure.  Eventually, I decided that I
should talk to him plead with him not to tell anyone.  So, I waited for him
to get back from lunch.  At about three o'clock I went to see him in his
office.  He was his usual friendly self, and he invited me in and asked me
to sit down.  Then he smiled broadly and asked me how I had enjoyed my run.
I told him that it had been fun, but hot, and then asked if I could talk to
him after work.  He said that he would be happy to, and that he would swing
by my office on his way out at five o'clock.

Well, it seemed to take forever for five o'clock to arrive, but when it
finally did, there was Bob at my door.  I grabbed my stuff and we walked
out to our cars together.  When we got to my car, I told him that I was
afraid that he may have seen something earlier, and that I didn't want him
to get the wrong idea, and that I really hoped he hadn't told anyone about
it.  Bob told me that he had indeed seen something, but that he certainly
hadn't told anyone.  Then I asked him to promise me that he would never
tell anyone.  Well, I should have expected what came next.  He said that he
would be happy to keep my secret if he could join me on an occasional run;
with me wearing the same outfit, of course!  I really didn't have much
choice, so I agreed.

So, tomorrow I will be running with Bob.  I'm sure I'm eventually going to
have to fuck him to keep him quiet.  If it weren't for the unfaithfulness
issue, I really wouldn't mind.  Bob is good looking and has a pretty nice
body, so I imagine it will be fun, but I know I'll feel guilty about it.
What do you think?  Should I feel guilty?  I mean, it really is pretty
unavoidable.

Let me know what you think.  I suppose by the time I read your comments,
I'll have already fucked him.

I love reading your comments.  They give me courage to try new things.

Love, Bobbi


 Subject: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 4 From: nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) Date:
3 Jun 1996 20:06:59 +0200 Message-ID: <4ov9k3$k4i@basement.replay.com>

**********************Warning**********************************************
* A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer to my
letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting
my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't
eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic
material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman
having sex with several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.
Okay?

Friday, May 10

Hi Everybody,

This is just a quick post to let you know what happened on my run with Bob
today.  I wore my running shorts with the brief cut out of them, and when
we got to the trail, I pulled down my panties and stashed them.  Bob was
pretty blown away by this and spent the first few minutes on the trail
running behind me to look at my ass (for those of you who haven't been
following my posts, lets just say that these particular running shorts
provide anyone who watches with a view of my ass).  Then he pulled up
alongside, and we talked about why I dressed like that.  I told him about
wanting to spice up my sex life by showing off my body, but I didn't tell
him about my encounter with the mountain biker.  He asked if I wasn't
afraid of being seen and I told him that that's what made it exciting.
Then I told him that I only started my runs this way, and that I sometimes
took off all of my clothes.

Well, let's just say that Bob wanted to see that, so I stopped and peeled
of my top and shorts.  As I stood there in front of him with only my shoes
and socks on, I watched as his dick began to grow bigger.  Then I hid my
clothes in the bushes and took off running down the trail.  He caught up in
just a few seconds and told me that I was some kind of wild woman!  I told
him that he should join me, but he said he didn't think he could.  Then I
told him that if he did, I would let him fuck me!  I knew that I would
eventually end up having to fuck him to keep him quiet, so I really wasn't
giving up anything I wouldn't have to give up anyway.  Well, that decided
it for him!  Bob wasn't wearing a shirt, so all he had to take off were his
running shorts, and he did that as I watched.  He had a big cock!  It must
have been eight inches long and pretty thick!

Anyway, I started running again and he fell in behind me.  At first it was
hard for him to run because his cock was bouncing around, but after a short
while his erection went down and it was easier for him. We turned onto the
trail that went near the yard of the woman I had flashed the other day, and
we ran through the woods.  As we got close to her house, I told Bob to stop
and wait there for me.  I walked ahead to see if she was outside again
today, and as I came into the clearing by her yard, I saw her lying on a
sheet catching a few rays. I had formulated a loose plan as Bob and I had
run down the path.  I thought that if she was there, I'd get Bob to fuck me
just out of her sight.

I planned to make a lot of noise, and hoped that she would come and
investigate.  It really turned me on to think about getting caught fucking
and I figured if she was outraged we could get away okay.  So, I turned and
walked back to where I had left Bob.

When I found him, I took him by the hand and led him back down the trail
towards the woman's house.  When I was sure we were well within earshot, I
told Bob that I wanted him to fuck me.  I sank to my knees and started to
suck on his hard cock.  Every few stokes I would pull it from his mouth and
say really nasty things in a loud voice.  After about a minute of sucking,
I got up and turned around, and as I bent over, I told Bob to fuck me.  He
didn't need any more urging and pretty soon he had all eight inches buried
in my pussy.  I screamed and moaned, and begged him to fuck me hard, hoping
that the woman would come to look.  I was bent over at the waist with Bob
really fucking me hard from behind when I first caught sight of her.  She
was watching us from behind a row of low bushes, about thirty feet away.
Bob was oblivious to her presence, but I looked right into her eyes as I
begged Bob to fuck me harder.  I will say one thing about Bob.  He sure has
staying power!  He must have pumped in and out of me for nearly ten minutes
before he told me he was going to cum.  And for most of that time, I had
held the gaze of our observer.  It made me so hot to have her watching me!!
I'm sure she was masturbating, because I could see her arm moving up and
down.  I decided that I wanted Bob to cum in my mouth so I pulled away and
dropped to my knees as I turned to face him.  He came in buckets and I
couldn't swallow it all. I made sure that the mystery woman saw the cum
dripping down my chin, as I wiped it up with my fingers and put them in my
mouth.


Bob stood there for a minute, then he pulled me to my feet and thanked me.
I noticed that the woman was gone, but I knew I'd see her again. We started
running and made it back to our clothes without incident. We talked on the
way back to work and came to an agreement. Basically, Bob is going to get
to fuck me, but only when I initiate it.  And he promised he wouldn't tell
anyone about my deviant behavior, and I believe him.

Anyway, I've got to get some work done now.  Saturday I meet the mountain
bikers at noon.  I've already promised to give Dan (the only one of the
bikers I've met so far) a blow job, and I guess I'll decide what to do with
the rest of them when I meet them tomorrow.

Anyway, wish me luck!  I wonder how many there will be?  I'll write an
update to let you all know what happened.

Think of me.

Love, Bobbi





Subject: Re: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 5 Date: 6 Jun 1996 14:02:38 GMT From:
juljan@ix.netcom.com(Jules Bergman ) Organization: Netcom Newsgroups:
alt.sex.stories References: <4ovbmp$lg9@basement.replay.com>
<4p2nbj$kc0@charm.magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu>

In <4p2nbj$kc0@charm.magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu> dittmar.6@osu.edu (Joe
Dittmar) writes: >me too!

>Can somebody tell me where I can get the entire series of Bobbi Sue. I
>thin k these are the greatest. Please email me at dittmar.6@osu.edu > > >
> > > >nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) wrote: >
>>**********************Warning****************************************
****** >>A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer
to >>my letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been
>>posting my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, >>if
you aren't eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains
>>sexually graphic material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If >>the
idea of a woman having sex with several partners offends you, then >>don't
read my letters.  Okay? > >>Monday, May 13 > >>Hi Everybody! > >>Well, it
is Monday and I've had one hell of a weekend!  If you have >>been following
my posts, you will remember that I was supposed to meet >>Dan (the mountain
biker I'd met before) and a group of his friends on >>Saturday for a little
fun. > >>It was a beautiful day, Saturday, really warm and bright sunshine.
I >>told my husband that I was going to drive out of town a ways and go
>>for a long trail run.  I told him not to expect me back for three
>>hours, and I headed out the door.  I was wearing my running outfit >>(you
know, the shorts without a brief, and my white running top) with >>panties
under my shorts.  (For those of you who haven't read my >>previous posts, I
like to wear some pretty brief running shorts that >>I've cut the liner out
of.  They are so brief, that when the wind >>blows, they fly up like a
short skirt and expose my naked ass.  So, to >>keep the guys at work from
seeing my ass, I wear panties until I'm out >>of their sight.  Then I take
them off and start flashing!)  I >>certainly didn't want Tom (my husband)
to see my naked ass, and that's >>why I had on panties.  I didn't keep them
on for very long, though. >>As soon as I came to the first stop sign, I
slid them off and tucked >>them in the glove compartment.  Then I proceeded
to drive on to the >>trails where I would meet the guys. > >>I arrived a
little early, so I parked my car in the lot at work and >>started running
towards the trail.  I would have never done this on a >>weekday (remember,
I wasn't wearing any panties), but no one works at >>our company on the
weekends, so no one would see me.  As I ran down >>the road towards the
trail, I could feel the wind blowing my shorts up >>and exposing my ass.  I
can't adequately describe what a yummy feeling >>that is, but it really
makes me hot!  I reached the trail and turned >>off the road onto it.  As I
ran down the trail, I wondered where I >>would run into Dan and his
friends.  I also wondered if I should >>remove any more of my clothes yet.
I finally decided to keep my >>clothes on until I hooked up with Dan. >
>>It didn't take long.  I saw a group of bikers coming towards me on the
>>trail and I started to get excited and nervous.  I had already >>promised
Dan a blow job, but I had yet to decide what to do for his >>friends.  The
original plan was for them to jerk off on me while I >>masturbated for
them.  Anyway, since we were heading towards each >>other, it didn't take
long to meet them.  I greeted Dan with a smile, >>and he introduced me to
his five friends.  I really felt naughty!  I >>mean, here were six guys who
had come to watch me masturbate, and to >>cum on my face!  Sounds pretty
sexy, doesn't it?!  Dan asked where I >>wanted to do it and I told he and
his friends to follow me.  Then I >>took off running down the trail.  I
guess we could have just done it >>right there, but I wanted them to watch
me run, knowing that they >>would be able to see my bare ass.  I ran for a
little ways with them >>all behind me, watching my naked butt.  Then I
stopped and told them >>that it was just too hot for all of these clothes,
and pulled my sport >>bra over my head.  Then I pulled my shorts down and
stepped out of >>them.  As they sat there on their bikes with their mouths
hanging >>open, I hid my clothes in some bushes beside the trail. > >>As is
my ritual, I told them I'd like to run a little further.  You >>see, I like
the feeling of knowing that I can't just put my clothes >>back on.  For
that reason, I always leave them somewhere instead of >>carrying them with
me.  I guess I like the feeling of being >>vulnerable.  Anyway, I ran off
down the trail in just my socks and >>shoes with these six guys following
me.  I ran for about a mile and >>decided that that should be far enough.
Then I stopped and asked Dan >>if he remembered what I had told him when he
first proposed this >>meeting.  He told me that he certainly did remember;
that I had told >>him to bring a bigger pump next time (I had used his bike
frame pump >>to masturbate with on our first meeting).  I asked him this,
because I >>noticed that he had the same pump on his bike as he'd had the
first >>time we met.  Then I asked him where the bigger pump was.  He
didn't >>say anything to me, but instead turned to one of his friends and
said >>something.  His friend had a backpack on and now he took it off and
>>handed it to Dan.  Then Dan opened it and pulled out a blanket.  He
>>laid his bike down and then spread the blanket out on the trail.  His
>>friends also put down their bikes and stepped up beside him.  Then Dan
>>dumped out the contents of the backpack on the blanket.  There was an
>>assortment of objects, each brought for the specific purpose of >>probing
my pussy!  There weren't any vibrators or dildos (I imagine >>Dan didn't
have access to any), but there were other objects that >>would fit up
inside of me.  There were a couple of long-necked >>bottles, a coke bottle,
a flashlight, and several cucumbers. > >>Then Dan asked if I was ready to
put on a show.  I told him that I was >>ready, and asked him and his
friends to gather around me as I got down >>on my knees on the blanket.
Then I reached for Dan's bike shorts and >>pulled them down just far enough
to reveal his hard cock.  I stroked >>it a few times, then turned to the
guy standing next to him and did >>the same thing.  In just a little while
I had worked my way around the >>circle and had exposed all six of their
cocks.  Then I picked up one >>of the bottles and slipped the end up into
my pussy.  I told them to >>jack off on me as I fucked myself, and I
proceeded to really work the >>bottle in and out of my pussy.  This was
great!!  I had all of these >>hard cocks in front of my face, and I was
really getting off on >>fucking myself for them.  I ground down hard on the
bottle forcing as >>much of it into my pussy as would go, and I reached my
first orgasm. > >>Dan reminded me that I had promised him a blowjob and he
moved his >>dick closer to my mouth.  I really wanted his cock in my mouth,
so I >>leaned forward and sucked him down my throat.  I know how to deep
>>throat, and I love the feeling as a cock slides down my throat and I
>>start to gag.  Anyway, he began to fuck my mouth with long slow >>strokes
and I took him in up to his balls with each stroke.  A couple >>of the guys
had joined me on the blanket and were kissing my breasts >>and sucking on
my nipples.  Man was it intense!!  I had worked as much >>of the bottle
into me as would go, but it wasn't very deep.  The base >>of the bottle was
just too big to fit in me.  I needed something >>deeper so I groped for one
of the cucumbers.  I think I grabbed the >>biggest one, because it was hard
to work it in very far.  I positioned >>the cucumber under my pussy, and I
started to do the splits.  I was >>already on my knees, so it wasn't long
until the end of the huge >>vegetable was resting on the blanket with the
other end in my pussy. >>I put more and more of my weight on the cucumber
until it started to >>slide up inside of me.  I think it was probably about
nine inches long >>and pretty thick, and after only about two minutes I had
the whole >>thing inside of me. > >>I started to bounce up and down on the
blanket.  As I came up off the >>blanket, the big thing started to slide
out of me.  Then as I came >>down, it was forced back in.  I was getting
thoroughly fucked by this >>big vegetable and it drove me wild.  I put my
hands on Dan's ass and >>pulled him towards me as his cock slid deep down
my throat.  I loved >>the feeling of his cock sliding down my throat as he
fucked my mouth! >>He started tensing up and I knew he was going to cum.  I
wanted it in >>my mouth so I held him tight as he began to pump his sperm
into my >>throat.  As he began to soften, he pulled his cock from between
my >>lips.  I felt hands grabbing and lifting me off the blanket, and the
>>cucumber slid out of my pussy.  I think I actually whined that I >>needed
something in my pussy.  I don't know what came over me, I just >>felt so
empty all of a sudden!  Anyway, I meant that I wanted the >>bottle or the
cucumber in my pussy, but that's not what I got!  One of >>the guys had
moved behind me, and I felt his cock slide inside of me! >>I could see Dan
standing in front of me, and I told him that I didn't >>want anybody to
fuck me; that he had promised.  He said he didn't >>believe me, and I guess
I can understand why.  I found that as the guy >>who was fucking me pushed
forward, I was pushing back.  It was totally >>involuntary, but my body
knew what it liked.  I half-heartedly >>protested again to Dan, but we both
knew that I didn't really mean it. > >>To make a long story short, I ended
up fucking all six guys, plus one >>other guy who happened along and
decided to take part!  It was the >>best I had ever felt sexually.
Amazingly, the whole thing only took >>about an hour and a half! > >>When
Dan and his friends left me, I was a mess.  I was covered with >>sweat and
cum and I knew that I had better get cleaned up before I >>went home.  I
walked back to where I'd stashed my clothes, and got >>dressed.  Then I
walked back to work and cleaned myself up in the >>bathroom.  I drove back
home and told Tom that I thought I'd overdone >>it on my run, and I rested
for the rest of the day.  That night I lay >>awake for a long time thinking
about what I had done.  I had cheated >>on my husband, but I didn't really
feel all that guilty!  I also knew >>that I would do it again.  I mean,
Saturday's sex was the best I'd >>ever had, and I knew I'd have to do it
again.  I did decide that I >>would try to space out my encounters, though.
> >>Anyway, that's what happened.  I sure have come a long way since my
>>first post.  I had no idea things would escalate this quickly, and I
>>don't know if I realize the full impact of what I've done.  I do know
>>this.  I really loved the way it felt to take on all of those guys! I
>>just came and came and came!  I know it was wrong, but when something
>>feels that good how am I supposed to be able to stop! > >>Well, that's
all for now.  I'm sure I'll have more to post in the >>future, but for
right now, I'm going to take it a little easy. Thanks >>for all of your
supportive comments.  I don't think I would have gone >>this far without
your encouragement, and despite felling a little >>guilty now, I'm really
glad I did it.  I love all of you. > >>Love, >>Bobbi > > Subject: Bobbie
Sue's Adventure 6 (wife, exhib, mmmf) Date: Sat, 25 May 1996 03:05:41 UTC
From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue) Reply-To: an598218@anon.penet.fi
Organization: Anonymous forwarding service Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Monday, May 20

Hi Everybody,

If you remember, in my last post, I said that I was going to take it easy
for a while.  Well, I'm afraid I wasn't able to last very long. For those
of you who haven't been following my posts, I should tell you that I've
been a very bad girl.  My name is Bobbi Sue, I'm 5'1" tall, weigh 105 lbs,
measure 34A-22- 34, have blond hair, blue eyes, and work out to keep in
very good shape.  I have gone from being a closet exhibitionist, to
flashing, to taking on a group of seven guys. This wouldn't have been so
bad, but I am a happily married 30 year old woman, whose husband knows
nothing about my new activities.

Anyway, if you'll remember, a week ago Saturday I met this guy and five of
his friends for a little harmless fun.  I met them on a trail that I have
taken to running naked on, and I was supposed to masturbate for them while
they jacked off on me.  I had promised one of the guys a blow job, but he
was the only one who was going to get anything from me.  Well, things got
out of hand and they all ended up fucking me.  I wasn't really mad at them,
because even though I told the first guy to stop, it soon became obvious
that I didn't want him to.  And once the first guy finished with me it just
seemed natural for the rest of them to take a turn.  Don't get me wrong; I
loved every minute of it.  It has been a fantasy of mine for quite a while,
but I never thought I'd act it out.  You know, the hottest part of the
whole affair was when some guy came by and saw what was going on. Picture
this.  There I was sitting on this guys cock, riding him for all I was
worth, and I see somebody running towards us on the trail (we hadn't
bothered to find a more secluded spot for our orgy).  So here I am, impaled
on a cock, five other guys standing around waiting their turns, and this
guy comes running up the trail and discovers us. The original group of guys
then asked him if he wanted a turn!  And so I ended up fucking him too!

Anyway, after that afternoon, I decided that I should back off.  I mean I
had gone from fantasizing about exhibiting myself, to having sex with seven
guys, in a matter of weeks!  It just seemed to me that I was out of
control.  Well, I feel like I'm back in control now, but I've decided that
I don't want to give up sex with multiple partners. I also decided that I
had to find a way to get my husband in on it, and I think I have.

Remember, a couple of weeks ago when I told you that he was pretty prudish
for a young guy (he's 26)?  Well, I've found out that he isn't as prudish
as I thought he was.  Last Wednesday he accompanied me to the mall after
work to go shoe shopping.  I wore a short skirt, and I know the salesman
got a view of my panties.  After we left the mall, I told Tom about it.  He
didn't get mad or anything, in fact he asked me if it was really true.
Then he asked me if it bothered me.  I told him that I thought it was
kind-of exciting, and that I'd even moved my legs apart a little to give
him a better view.  I was prepared for Tom to hit the ceiling, but that's
not what happened.  Instead, he asked me how far I would have gone.  Of
course, I asked him how far would he have liked me to have gone.  He put it
back on me by saying that I should go as far as I wanted to.  Well, this
was getting a little ridiculous, so I thought I'd call his bluff.  I told
him that I would have liked to have shown the guy my pussy!

Well, we were still sitting in the car in the mall parking lot, and Tom
said that it wasn't too late.  That's all the encouragement I needed.  I
pulled my panties off and handed them to him.  Then I got out of the car
and asked if he was coming.  He got out and we walked back into the mall.
I told him that I felt a little funny about going back in there, and that
I'd like to try a different shoe store.  He said he didn't care, so we
walked to the Foot Locker store.  He said he'd wait for me , and I walked
in alone.  I tried on several pairs of shoes and flashed my pussy at both
salesmen who were helping me.  Then after about fifteen minutes, I thanked
them and left.  As I walked away, Tom joined me.  I could see that he had
an erection.  We left the mall and he started to tell me how he couldn't
believe what I had just done.  I asked if it had turned him on and he gave
me an emphatic yes.  Well, we got home in record time and had the best sex
we'd ever had.

That was a turning point for me.  I thought that if Tom was okay with me
showing off my pussy, then eventually I would be able to get him okay with
me fucking other guys.  So, I no longer felt guilty about how I'd acted
over the last several weeks.  Like I said, I really had enjoyed the sex
with multiple men.  I found myself thinking about it a lot, and I started
to crave another session.  I thought about the three guys I'd showed my
pussy to at the gym (another story; let's just say that all they got was an
eyeful).  They had told me that they worked out on Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday evenings, and on Saturday mornings.  So, Saturday morning, I told
Tom that I was going to the gym and then for a long run, and not to expect
me home for a few hours.  I packed my workout clothes and headed off for
the gym.

I was very disappointed when I got to the gym and looked around.  The three
guys I was looking for weren't there!  Well, I figured I would start my
workout and hoped that they would show up.  I went downstairs to change
into my workout clothes, and there they were!  They were using the free
weights that are kept on the lower level.  I walked over to them and smiled
and asked how long they'd been there.  It turned out that they'd just
arrived and had just begun their workout. I asked if they would mind if I
joined them.  Of course they said they would be happy to have me join them,
so I ducked into the lockeroom to change.  I took off all of my clothes and
only put back on a crop top and baggy athletic shorts.

When I came out of the lockeroom, they had just begun my favorite exercise,
the bench press.  It is my favorite, because it was the perfect opportunity
for me to show these guys my bare pussy.  And that's what I did! I spotted
each of the three so they could look up my shorts.  Then, when I lay on the
bench, they could see the bottoms of my breasts as the crop top rode up on
me.

I teased them like this for almost an hour as we moved from one exercise to
the next.  When we were done, I asked if they would like me to follow them
to their fraternity house.  It was pretty obvious what I had in mind and
they said they'd love to have me.  I suggested that we needn't bother
changing and should leave as soon as we collected our things.  I met them
outside and one of them offered to ride with me.  I couldn't believe how
hot I was!  My pussy was dripping, and I couldn't wait to get to their
place!  On the way over, I asked Gary (the guy who was riding with me) if
he liked my outfit. He said that it was the sexiest thing he had ever seen.
Then I suggested that the four of us should go right to a bedroom the
instant we arrived at the frat house, because I had something else to show
them.

It only took a couple of minutes to drive to their house.  Gary told the
others what I had said and they led me right upstairs (through a living
room full of guys) to a bedroom.  As Gary closed the door behind us, I
pulled off my top and slid off my shorts.  I told them that I really needed
to be fucked, and asked would one of them please do it now!  Well, that was
all the encouragement they needed!  In a matter of seconds, I found myself
on my back on the bed with a hard cock drilling into my soaking pussy.
These guys didn't have much staying power, but it felt good for as long as
it lasted.  I guess I must have fucked all three of them within fifteen
minutes.  I was still extremely hot, so I started to use my mouth to get
them hard again.  It only took a few minutes of sucking to get Gary's dick
hard again, and I asked him to do me doggy style.  While he fucked me from
behind, I motioned for Scott (one of the other two) to let me suck his
cock.  This was truly yummy!!  I could not believe how sexy it felt to have
two cocks in me, sliding in and out.

I sucked Scott until I felt Gary shoot his second load into my pussy, and
then I told him to take Gary's place.  Then I motioned for the other guy (I
can't believe I forgot his name) to give me his cock to suck.  Anyway, I
ended up getting fucked six times by those three, and it felt great!!  They
asked if I wanted them to get their other housemates to come up, but I
declined.  It was time for me to leave. I took a shower at their house
before I left, and I could just picture them telling all of their friends
what had transpired in the bedroom. It made me hot to think about all of
those guys picturing me being fucked repeatedly, especially since I'd have
to pass through them on my way out.  I washed the cum off, but decided to
put my workout clothes back on and wear them home.  I left the bathroom and
walked down the stairs and into the living room.

Gary got up to meet me and I gave him a big wet kiss.  As I kissed him I
ground my pussy against his leg and he instinctively slid his hand inside
my shorts to caress my ass. Then I moved over to Scott and he got up and
kissed me, too.  He followed Scott's lead and put both hands down the back
of my shorts.  When he did, it caused my shorts to slide down, and when he
took his hands away, my ass was there for everyone to see.  Scott wasn't
through with me, though.  As he continued to stick his tongue down my
throat, he moved his hands up and pushed my crop top up off my breasts.  So
there I was, kissing Scott with my ass and breasts bared for his housemates
to see.  It was all I could do, to break of the kiss, and tell him I had to
go.  I mean, I wanted them all to fuck me!!  I pulled my shorts back up and
told everyone that it was nice seeing them, and then walked to the door.
Gary opened it for me and walked me to my car.  He asked if I wanted to
come to a party that night, but I told him I'd have to take a raincheck.
Then I told him that I'd really enjoyed myself, and that maybe next
Saturday, we could skip the gym and just have our workout at the frat
house.  I asked him how many guys lived there and he told me there were
twelve.  I told him to make sure they would all be home next Saturday, and
that I'd be over at noon to take them all on!  Then I left to go home to
Tom.

I attacked Tom when I got home.  He commented on how wet I was and I just
told him that I'd been thinking about him during my run.  I think he bought
it.  Anyway, he made me cum again, and I returned the favor. He asked me
why I seemed to be so horny lately, and I told him that I didn't really
have an explanation, but that for some reason, I just felt sexier lately.
Well, he's not complaining, so I think I'll keep up my extramarital
activities.  I'll keep you guys posted.

Love, Bobbi

P.S.  If you want to write me, please send your mail to
na598218@anon.penet.fi.  If you want to write me anonymously, send your
mail to an598218@anon.penet.fi.  I would appreciate it if you would keep
the subject line clean, I don't want my system administrator to know what
I'm up to.  You can make the text as hot as you like, I can take it!  And
let me know if you have any ideas for me to act out.  Bye
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Bobbi Sue's Adventure 7 From: nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) Date: 3 Jun
1996 20:17:28 +0200 Message-ID: <4ova7o$kj9@basement.replay.com>

**********************Warning**********************************************
* A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer to my
letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting
my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't
eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic
material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman
having sex with several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.
Okay?

Thursday, May 23

Hi Everybody!

I can't believe it's almost Saturday.  It was only a few days ago that I
was telling you about my fling last Saturday with three guys from the gym
where I work out.  Let me just say that I haven't been a good girl since
then.

When I went back to work on Monday, I was still horny thinking about the
weekend (especially after posting the letter to the newsgroup). So, to
relieve myself, I asked Bob if he wanted to go for a run at noon.  Bob (a
guy I work with) knows that when he runs with me it ends up being more than
a run.

Anyway, I won't go into too many details, but Bob and I had a real good
time on our run.  We ran naked for a while, and then I told him I wanted
him to fuck me!  It was just what I needed!

Today at noon, I went running by myself, and as usual, I did it in the nude
(except for shoes and socks). I ran for about three miles naked and didn't
see a soul.  After I put my clothes on (meaning my briefless shorts and
white sport bra), I didn't want to go back to work right away.  I love
where I work; as long as I put in my eight hours a day, they don't care
when I do it.  So today I decided to take a little longer for lunch.  I
decided to go see if the woman who had watched Bob and I doing it a couple
of weeks ago was lying out in her yard.  So, I took off running down the
trail.

When I got to her house, there she was lying in the backyard on a sheet.  I
felt pretty bold, so I walked over towards her.  When she looked up, I
asked her if I could get a drink of water.  Remember, this woman had seen
me run by her house naked before, and she had also watched and masturbated
as Bob fucked me.  She got up and led me to a hose with a nozzle on the
end, and I turned it on to get my drink. The cold water felt good, and I
didn't mind that I got pretty wet trying to get my drink.  As I was
thanking her for the drink, I took a good look at her.  She had on a fairly
conservative bikini, but it couldn't hide what was obviously a nice body.
She was tall, probably 5'10", and looked to weigh about 120 lbs.  She had
auburn hair and really vivid green eyes.  She looked older than me, and was
probably in her mid-to-late thirties.  And she had something I wish I had,
large breasts.  As I looked up into her eyes, I noticed that she was
looking at my breasts.  I looked down and saw that my bra was pretty wet
and my nipples were quite visible.

I made a joke about that not being anything she hadn't already seen, and
she said, "yes, I've certainly already seen more of you than that. I see
you're wearing some pretty revealing running shorts, too."  I wasn't ready
for her directness, and it caught me kind-of off guard. She introduced
herself to me as Mary, and I told her my name.  Then she asked what the
deal was with my naked romps through her woods. Well, as long as she was
being direct, I figured I might as well be to.  So I told her that I had
just worked up the nerve to act on my exhibitionist tendencies.  I felt my
pussy tingling as I talked about it, so I thought I'd elaborate a little.
I told her how I'd been caught my first time out, and how I'd ended up
letting the guy masturbate on me.  Mary said that it sounded like fun and
asked how I had ended up performing for her (that was the day Bob had me
for the first time).

I told her that it turned me on to have someone watch, and that I'd felt
safe having a woman watch.  I went on to say how hot it had made me to know
that she was masturbating as she watched me.  Then I asked her if she'd
cum, and she replied that she had indeed.  She asked me more questions
about my escapades, and seemed really interested when I told her about the
time I'd been kind-of forced to take on seven guys in a row.  She asked
lots of questions.  She wanted to know if I was married, and how my husband
felt about what I'd been doing.  I had to tell her that Tom (my husband)
didn't know about it.  She told me that she thought her husband would
probably like it if she had sex with other guys, that it was a fantasy of
his.  Well, I told her she should accompany me on one of my runs.  I told
her that we should go for one right now!

I could tell that the idea intrigued her, so I pressed her about it. I
asked if she ran and she said that she did, so I talked her into taking me
inside and showing me her running clothes.  This was great fun!  I picked
out a pair of shorts for her and asked if I could modify them slightly.
Mary was into it by then and she said to go ahead.  Well, I ripped the
liner out of them and Mary put them on.  I had her pull them up as far as
she could.  She looked hot!  You could easily see a good part of her ass.
Then we looked for just the right top.  She had a lined white aerobics top
and we cut the lining out of that too.  When she put it on, her nipples
stood out against the thin material.  She put on some socks and running
shoes, and we were set to go.  When we got back outside, I talked Mary into
soaking herself with the hose.  Now she looked really hot.  I didn't want
to be outdone, so I turned the hose on myself.  Then we took off running
down the trail.

We got out to the main trail in a couple of minutes and turned to run
towards the road.  This was to be Mary's lucky day.  We had only gone a
short distance when we saw two guys running our way.  I told Mary to follow
my lead.  When the guys were almost to us, I stopped and put my hand up to
my eye.  Then I exclaimed that I had lost my contact lens. Then turning
away from the fast- approaching men, I bent forward at the waist,
pretending to look for it.  Well, this exposed the rest of my ass to the
two guys.  Mary played right along and held up her hands indicating that
they should stop.  She told them that I had lost a contact lens, and could
they please help us look for it.  Then she bent over in front of them to
show off her ass, too!

The guys had stopped and were now distractedly helping us look for the
imaginary contact lens.  I pretended to find it, and pretended to put it in
the little pocket inside my running shorts.  I thanked the guys for their
help and told them they deserved a reward.  I could see that they were hard
from watching Mary and I show off our butts, and now they seemed mesmerized
by Mary's boobs (they were pretty clearly visible through her wet top). I
was just about to tell them that for being so helpful, Mary would be happy
to strip for them, when Mary said, "How would you like Bobbi to give both
of you blow jobs?"  I started to protest when she stepped up behind me and
pulled my sport top up above my breasts.  Then just as quickly, she pulled
my shorts down!  So, there I stood naked in front of these two guys we had
just met!  Then Mary grabbed my hair and pulled down.  She told me to get
on my knees and get prepared to suck some cock!

Well, this suited me just fine.  Now I could enjoy having their cocks in my
mouth and remain kind-of innocent.  I mean, after all, it wasn't me who
initiated it!  I was just following orders!  The guys seemed a little taken
aback by all of this, but Mary took matters in hand.  She told them to pull
out their dicks and step up.  As they moved within reach, I opened my mouth
and sucked in the cock closest to me.  Then as the other guy moved forward,
I moved over to his cock.  I took turns sucking on them, and they looked
like they were enjoying the attention.  All the time I was sucking them,
Mary stood beside me and masturbated and urged me on.  Well, I let them
fuck my mouth until both guys had fed me loads of cum, and then Mary told
them they'd have to leave.  After they left, Mary made me suck on her clit
until she reached an orgasm.  It was as good as I expected it to be, and I
knew that I would get plenty of opportunity to do it in the future.

After we both settled down a little, Mary asked if she had gone too far.  I
told her that I loved what had happened, and about how it made me feel like
I wasn't really doing anything wrong, because I was just following orders.
I did tell her that I still hadn't cum yet though, and I didn't think that
that was very fair.  Well, Mary said she would take care of that in a
little while.

So, once we got our clothing straightened out, we started out running back
towards Mary's house.  On the way there, I talked Mary into taking off her
sports top.  I was envious as I watched her large bouncing boobs; I really
wish mine were a little bigger.  Anyway, we got back to her house and she
asked me inside.  She led me right to her bedroom, and then she gave me a
big kiss!  I had never kissed another woman before and it felt pretty
strange.  I felt kind of depraved, locked in an embrace with another woman,
but it didn't stop me from responding.  Remember how I told you about
seeing my college roommate 69ing with another girl?  Well, that's what kept
running through my mind.  As we kissed, I began caressing Mary's breasts.
Now I really felt wicked!  She responded by pinching my nipples, and then
moving her hand down into my shorts to my clit.  I broke off the kiss and
told her that I wanted to 69 with her, and we moved to the bed. Mary was
kind-of breathless, and didn't say anything, but she had a really lusty
look in her eyes.

We took off the rest of our clothes and I lay down on the bed and Mary
climbed on over me.  I could look up and see her pussy, and I couldn't wait
to stick my tongue into her.  When she had me bring her off out on the
trail, I had only licked and sucked on her clit; now I wanted to fuck her
with my tongue.  I watched as she lowered her head between my legs.  She
had her arms wrapped around my legs, and I could feel her hot breath on my
pussy.  Then I felt an almost electric jolt as Mary began licking my clit.
I tried to lift my head up so that I could get at her pussy but it was
really difficult, so I told her to spread her legs!  As she did, her pussy
got closer and closer to my mouth until it was only inches away!  Then, as
I wrapped my arms around her waist, I lifted my head a little and planting
my lips firmly against her pussy lips, I forced my tongue up into her
pussy. She was really wet, and she tasted yummy. As I tongue-fucked her, my
face became wet with her pussy juice.  Meanwhile she was doing the same to
me!  We both came a bunch of times; at times it was almost painful, it was
so pleasurable.  Usually when Tom brings me to an orgasm by licking my
pussy, he stops after I've cum, I mean I get so super-sensitive down there.
But Mary wouldn't stop!  When I'd cum, she just kept licking and sucking!
It was almost more than I could stand.

Eventually, we became exhausted, and Mary crawled up and lay beside me.  We
kissed and fondled each other for a while longer, but eventually, we just
lay there.  Mary confessed to me that this was her first time with another
woman, and I told her it was mine, too.  We talked about how good it had
been, and neither one of us felt like we shouldn't have done it.  Then we
talked about our marriages and husbands.  Mary told me that she would like
to have me over some time for a repeat performance with her husband
watching; turns out that's one of the things he'd told her he'd like to
see.  I told her that sooner or later I thought Tom would like to see us
together, too.  We both agreed that having our husbands watch would make it
even more erotic.

I told Mary that I had to be getting back to work, but that maybe we could
meet again next week.  I told her about my plans to take on the guys at the
fraternity on Saturday, and she thought that sounded very hot.  Then I left
and headed back to work feeling very satisfied.

I didn't get much work done today.  I'm afraid I kept thinking of Mary's
pussy crushed against my face, and how good it had felt.  I had to go to
the bathroom twice to masturbate this afternoon.  I just can't get over how
highly sexed I've become.  Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't have it any other
way.  I've never felt so satisfied as I have since I've embarked on this
road of intense sexual activity.  I'm really looking forward to Saturday.
I hope all twelve fraternity brothers are there.  I'll have to remember to
tell Tom that I'll be gone longer than normal for my workout and run.

Well, I've got to go now and get at least some work done, but I'll continue
to keep you all posted on my adventures.  So, what do you think of who I've
become?  Does it turn you on to know that I will be fucking twelve guys
this coming weekend?  I love being able to tell you all about the things I
do.  Would it surprise you to know that when I'm fucking and sucking all
these different men, I think of how you'll react when I write you about it?
I love seeing my letters posted (I read them at work and I always play with
my pussy when I read them), but I especially like to read the responses
from you. I like to think that you are jacking off when you read about the
things that I do.  So, keep letting me know what you think.  I love you
all.

love, your Bobbi






Subject: Bobbie Sue's Adventure 8 (wife, mmf, exib) Date: Thu, 30 May 1996
16:19:01 UTC From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue) Reply-To:
an598218@anon.penet.fi Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Tuesday, May 28

Hi Everybody!

It's Bobbi again.  For those of you who aren't familiar with me, I'll
describe myself to you.  I have blond hair, blue eyes, stand 5'1" tall, and
weigh 105 lbs.  My measurements are 34A-22-34, and I keep in excellent
shape running, roller-blading, cross country skiing, etc. About a month ago
I decided to add a little spice to my sex life by flashing strange men.  It
soon escalated to me masturbating while I let a guy cum on me, and then on
to me taking on several guys in a row (and, just recently, a woman).  The
one problem I have is that I've done all of this behind my husband's back.
I love Tom and I don't want to hurt him, but I've come to really enjoy my
extramarital affairs.

Well, let me just say that things around here have changed pretty radically
since my last post.

I was able to find out that Tom liked it when I flashed guys.  This was a
big surprise to me and it gave me hope that some day I would be able to
tell him what it was that I really liked, fucking strange guys!  I found
out about Tom liking my public exhibitionist tendencies one day when I let
it slip that I thought the clerk in the shoe store that we were just in had
probably seen my panties when I tried on a pair of shoes.  Then I told Tom
that I wished I hadn't been wearing any panties.  He got real interested
and I asked him if I should take off my panties and go back in to the
store.  It kind-of floored me when he said that I could if I wanted to.  So
I did, and we had some great sex when we got home!

Well, last weekend, Tom and I went out of town on a short trip.  At first I
was disappointed that I would be out of town.  You see, I had made
arrangements with a group of fraternity guys to meet and fuck them on
Saturday morning.  When Tom suggested that we go on a shopping trip to the
city, I couldn't tell him that I didn't want to go because there were a
dozen guys waiting to fuck me.  So, after I called the frat house and
postponed the party one week, I reluctantly got ready for our shopping
trip.  We live in a pretty remote part of the country and occasionally we
take a trip to the city to do some shopping.  We left Friday after work and
got to our motel in the city pretty late (it's about a four hour drive).
We made love and then went to sleep.

The next morning I was showing Tom some of the clothes I'd brought to wear.
I had packed some pretty sexy outfits, because I'd hoped to be able to talk
Tom into letting me do a little showing off (I didn't want the entire
weekend to be a bust).  Well, he got right into it and helped me to pick
out a sexy short clingy white cotton dress.  The dress clung tightly to my
hard body, and the hem of the dress was short enough so that I had trouble
sitting down without showing my underwear.  I asked Tom if I should wear a
bra, and he told me it was up to me.  So I didn't wear one.  I asked him if
I should wear panties, and I could tell he was a little uncomfortable about
me going without them.  He said that the dress was so short that maybe too
many people might see my pussy if I didn't have panties on.  That sounded
good to me, but I decided to do as Tom wished, and I picked out a pair of
white lace thong panties to wear.

I won't go into much detail about our shopping that day.  Let me just say
that there were many guys who I treated to a view of my bare ass, and lots
more got a good look at my nipples.  I have very prominent nipples; when
they are erect, they stick out almost 3/4".  And the way my white dress was
stretched tight across my chest really emphasized them.  At the end of the
day, I had one last stop, a shoe store.  I asked Tom if he remembered how I
flashed the guys back home.  Of course he remembered.  Then I asked him if
I should do it here, and reminded him that it was our last stop.  He told
me to go for it.  I removed my panties in the car and opened the door to
get out.  As I got out of the car, I felt delightfully sinful.  I had no
choice but to spread my legs a little in order to stand up, and when I did,
I felt the warm outside air on my pussy.  I only wish there had been
someone there to see it!  Anyway, I went into the shoe store, and Tom
followed a little later (this way he could see what I was up to without
scaring away the guys).  I ended up trying on several pairs of shoes, and
flashed my pussy to two different clerks.  Then I left.

Tom joined me in the parking lot and I told him about how the guys had
gotten hard watching me.  Tom was hard, too, so we went back to our motel
and made love.  He really had gotten excited by my flashing, and our sex
was great.  Afterwards, we went out for pizza, and then came back to the
motel for the night.  That's when things got interesting! We were lounging
around in our PJ's, Tom in his shorts, and me in a short thin T-shirt.  We
were watching TV and drinking some wine, and we needed to get some more
ice.  I saw this as an opportunity to show off a little more and I asked
Tom if he would like me to go to the ice machine and refill our ice bucket.
He said to go ahead.  Then I asked him what I should wear.  He asked me
what I thought I should wear, and I suggested that I wear what I had on.
Let me describe this t-shirt I was wearing.  It was the kind of thin white
t-shirt that they give away for promotions and the like.  I got this one
from a run I had participated in, and it was one of the cheapest t-shirts I
had ever seen.  I wore it because it was comfortable on hot nights.  There
really wasn't much to it, the fabric was so thin.  It was long for a
t-shirt, but very short for a nightshirt.  It barely covered my ass, and my
nipples were plainly visible through the thin material.  And I wasn't
wearing any underwear.

The ice machine was located all the way down at the other end of the hall
on our floor.  I figured there were probably 40 rooms between our room and
the little room the ice machine was in.  Tom asked if I was going to put on
any panties and I said, "that would take all of the fun out of it, don't
you think?"  He was rubbing his cock through his shorts as he agreed with
me.  He asked what I would do if someone saw me, and I told him that I
would probably smile at them and keep walking to the ice machine.  Then he
asked what I'd do if they followed me, and I told him that I'd make sure
they got a good view of my tits, ass and pussy.  I was getting so hot!  I
hoped that someone would catch me!  Then Tom asked what I'd do if they
tried to touch me. I asked what he thought I should do.  When he didn't
answer right away, I asked him if I should let them feel me up.  "Should I
let them touch my hot pussy?"  I asked.

I came to Tom and pulled his cock from his shorts and engulfed it with my
mouth.  As I sucked on his cock, I asked him if he would like to see me
suck someone else's cock.  I told him that I would if he wanted me to; I
told him that I'd do it right now if he wanted me to.  Then, I stood
grabbing the ice bucket and walked to the door of our room. As I turned the
handle, I asked, "Do you want me to suck some cock? Because I'll do it.
Just tell me that you want me to, and I'll do it."  Tom said, "Do it."  I
pulled the door open and stepped into the hall.

I was so hot I thought I might melt!  I didn't pull the door shut, because
I wanted Tom to be able to see if anyone approached me.  I walked all the
way down the hall, hoping some guy would see me and follow me to the ice
machine.  It was after midnight, so I wasn't worried about any kids seeing
me.  I made it all the way there, got some ice (I even waited for an extra
minute in the ice machine room hoping someone would come in), and walked
all the way back to the room, and stepped inside.  Tom was standing by the
door, and was he excited!  He told me that it made him so hot thinking that
at any moment some stranger might catch me out there practically naked.  I
asked if he had pictured me taking a strange dick into my mouth and he said
he had.  I asked him if it turned him on and he said that it did. I dropped
to my knees and began to suck his cock.  I hadn't shut the door, and from
out in the hall I heard a door shut nearby.  I looked up at Tom, and we
both listened as we heard footsteps approaching. Someone walked by our room
heading in the direction of the ice machine!  I got to my feet and peeked
out the door.  There was a guy walking down the hall, and in his hand was
an ice bucket!

I told Tom to think of me on my knees with a strange guys cock in my mouth,
and grabbed the ice bucket and stepped into the hall and walked off towards
the ice machine.  The guy heard me walking up behind him and turned his
head to see who was coming.  He stopped in his tracks and stared as I
walked towards him.  He was so taken with me that he just stood there as I
walked right by him.  Once I had passed him, he started to follow me.  I
entered the little room that contained the ice machine and some other
vending machines, and I waited for him to catch up.  As he entered the
room, I made sure that I was bent over, exposing my wet pussy to him.  I
looked over my shoulder at him and said hello.  I asked if he could help me
with something and he said he'd try.  I told him that I really needed to be
fucked (I know I told Tom I would suck this guy off, but I needed a cock in
my pussy), and asked if he would do it.  I reached over and stroked his
cock through his pants, then he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants.  He had
a regular-sized cock and it slid easily into my hot pussy.  As he fucked
me, I told him that I wanted him to cum on my face.  Well, it didn't take
long, and he was telling me he was going to come.  I turned around and
dropped to my knees and waited for him to shoot all over my face.  I wasn't
disappointed!  He came in big gobs on my face, and even shot some in my
hair.  I took him in my mouth for the last couple of spurts and
deep-throated him.  Then I got to my feet and picked up my ice.  I thanked
him and he told me he had a buddy back in the room if I was interested.  He
told me his room number as I headed back to Tom.  As I left the ice machine
room, I could see Tom peeking around our door at me.  I walked toward him
licking my lips.

When I got back to our room, I walked over to the bed and lay down. Tom
came over and just kind-of stared at me.  I asked if he liked what he saw.
I told him that I had sucked the guy off just like I said I'd do, and asked
if he could see the cum on my face.  Well, he knelt on the bed and lowered
himself, pushing his hard cock into my well-lubricated pussy, and began to
fuck me with long slow strokes. He asked me lots of questions about how I'd
approached the guy, if I'd enjoyed it, etc..  I told him that it was
great!!  I told him how I loved feeling this strange guys cock as he pushed
it between my lips and deep down my throat.  I told him how I'd let him
shoot his cum on my face, and how I'd then engulfed his cock so that I
could taste it. Then I told Tom that I wanted him to cum in my mouth.
Well, that sent him over the edge, and he moved up to my head and let me
suck his cock into my mouth. He shot stream after stream into my hungry
mouth and I swallowed it all.

Afterward, we talked about what had happened, and discovered that Tom
really liked the thought of me sucking that guy off.  Then I told him that
I'd let him fuck me first, before I got him to cum on my face, and that I'd
really enjoyed that.  Tom was starting to get hard again. I told him what
the guy had said about his friend, and I asked Tom if he wanted me to go to
their room and fuck both of them.  He told me that I should, so I got up
and walked to the door.  I told him that I would be back in a while and
then I left to go get fucked!

I went to the room number I'd been given and I knocked on the door. When it
opened I stepped right in, pulled off my nightshirt, and walked over to the
bed.  I asked the first guy who had fucked me if he was ready to go again.
He said that he was.  I told him that I wanted to have both of them do me
at the same time, one in my pussy and one in my mouth.  Well, that sounded
good to them, too and they started to get undressed.  While I was waiting
for them to get undressed, I had an idea.  I told them that my husband was
kind of kinky and liked to watch me take on other guys, but that he was
busy elsewhere.  Then I asked if they minded if I called him.  Well, they
didn't care, so I dialed our room number.  Tom answered the phone and I
told him that I was in bed with two guys and that they were going to fuck
me from both ends.

I told him that I was going to lay the receiver on the bed so that he could
hear what they were doing to me.  As the guys got on the bed I described
what was happening, and when the guy I'd already fucked slipped his cock
into my pussy, I told him that.  Then the other guy crawled onto the bed in
front of me and I told Tom that I would have to set the phone down, because
I had a cock in front of my face that needed to be sucked.

I lay the receiver down under me on the bed and started to get to work.  I
made sure that I made plenty of slurping, sucking sounds as I took the
second guy's cock in my mouth.  The guys were cooperating, too.  They kept
telling me how good my pussy felt and what a great cock sucker I was.  It
wasn't long until I'd forgotten all about Tom and was really fucking and
sucking in earnest.  I really love the feeling of having two cocks in me at
the same time, it just feels so good knowing that I'm impaled from both
ends!  I begged them to make me cum, to slam their cocks into me.  They
traded places a couple of times and really gave it to me good!  I remember
telling them that I wanted them to cum in my mouth (Tom told me that he'd
cum as he heard me say that).  When they had both cum, I put my nightshirt
back on and returned to our room and Tom.

Like I said, Tom had cum while listening to me being fucked over the phone,
but he was already hard again.  I remember how good it felt as I lay on the
bed with Tom sliding his cock in and out of my well-fucked pussy.  He asked
me to tell him how it felt doing both guys at once, and I told him that it
was the best sex I'd ever had.  I went on about how good it felt knowing
that he was listening as I fucked those two guys.  I told him that if he
wanted me to, I would do it again, and that maybe he could watch.  Well,
this put Tom over the edge and he came in my pussy.  As we lay there, he
kept asking how it felt to have sex with guys I didn't even know.  I simply
replied, "How would you feel if you knew that you could have just about any
woman you wanted?"  He had to agree that he wouldn't mind being able to go
to bed with strange women, and I told him it was the same way for me, but
with one difference.  I told him what really helped to make me hot was
knowing that he wanted me to do it. I guess I feel the same way about you
guys.  When I'm lying on my back with some guy I don't even know sliding
his hard cock in and out of my pussy, I think about how you will react when
I post my next letter.  It makes me get really nasty, like begging for them
to cum in my mouth.

Anyway, afterwards Tom and I lay in each others arms, talking about what
had just happened.  He couldn't believe I had done it.  He was glad that I
had, though.  He said it was the sexiest thing he had ever witnessed, and
he was glad that I was willing (as if I hadn't initiated the whole thing).
I asked him if he'd like to watch me with another guy or two sometime, and
he said he thought that he'd be embarrassed.  He was afraid about what the
guys would think of him, I guess it must be some kind of macho thing.
Anyway, he pretty much said that he wouldn't mind watching if he could do
it without being seen.  Well, that is going to take a little planning.  He
said that he would rather just have me tell him about it afterward.  I
asked him what kind of things he'd like me to do.  He said that he didn't
really know, but that he'd liked what had happened tonight.  Then he said
that I should surprise him.  Well, to me that appears to give me free reign
to do what ever I want.  I told him not to get mad if I came home one night
and told him I'd just fucked a football team!  I was just testing, but by
his reaction I could tell that he would like it if I did.  I'm going to,
too!  Well, maybe not a football team, but I can't wait till next Saturday
when I meet with the guys at the fraternity house.  I'll tell Tom about
some of my future episodes, but not all.  Some of them I'll save for you.
It will be our secret.



Love, your Bobbi

P.S.  If you don't want to write me anonymously, you can just send your
mail to me at na598218@anon.penet.fi.  Remember to keep the subject line
clean, I get my mail through work.  If you want to be nasty in your letter,
that's okay, I like it nasty.

--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Repost: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 9 Date: 19 Jun 1996 20:20:50 +0200 From:
nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) Organization: Replay and Company UnLimited
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

**********************Warning**********************************************
* I've been advised by one of you to add a disclaimer to my letters.  It
seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting my letters, so
by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't eighteen, don't
read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic material and may
not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman having sex with
several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.  Okay?

Thursday, May 30

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  For those of you who haven't been following my letters to this
newsgroup, I am a 5'1", 105 lb athlete who has taken to showing off my body
to liven up my sex life.  I have shoulder length blond hair and blue eyes,
and I like to think that my 34A-22-34 figure is firm and desirable.  I am
not beautiful, but I've been told by a lot of guys that I am.  I would say
that I am cute instead of gorgeous.  My figure is firm because I work out
at least eight hours a week, either cross country skiing, roller-blading,
running, weight lifting, swimming, or biking.  I've been told that my best
feature is my firm ass, and I love to show it off.

I've had a lot of fun lately, showing off as much of my body to as many men
as I could (without being arrested!).  I've also found out (although I've
suspected all along) how great it feels to go to bed with more than one guy
at a time.  I am happily married and until just last weekend, had kept my
husband in the dark about my new sexual activities.  Well, that has
changed.  Last weekend I got him to let me do it with two guys while he
listened over the phone.  I still haven't told him about the other things
I've done over the last month (like taking on seven guys in a row on a
trail in the woods, or making love to my new friend Mary) and I probably
won't.  But from now on, I will keep him informed about most of what I do
(I still want to keep a few secrets).

Anyway, for those of you who have been keeping up on my letters, I plan on
getting together with a group of college guys this coming weekend.  I
called Gary (one of the guys at the fraternity house) and asked him if
everything was set for this weekend.  I was supposed to show up at their
place at noon for some non-stop sex with Gary and the eleven other guys who
live there.  I'm glad I called because it turns out that more than half of
the guys are off on break!  Gary told me that if I could wait till evening
to go over their, he would make sure that there were twelve guys there to
take care of me.  So, I guess I'll have to tell Tom about it;  I can
usually get away for a few hours during the day by telling him I'm going
for a long run, but that won't work at night.  So, I'm going to go to the
fraternity house at 8:00 P.M. this coming Saturday night.  I asked Gary if
he thought it would be okay if I asked the guys to show their appreciation
by giving me tips (I don't expect to get rich, but I'm intrigued by the
thought of having men pay me for sex).  He said he thought that that would
be just fine, especially if I took care of them the way I had the last time
I was over there.  I told him that I would start out by putting on a show
for them, and that I could make it very hot depending on how well they
tipped me.  Gary told me that he couldn't wait to see what I had planned,
and he again assured me that he would get twelve guys to come over for the
show.  Then I told him that twelve was just a number, and if there were
more than that it would be okay.

I've picked up a couple of items that I think should make for an
interesting show, too.  I usually don't go in for fancy clothes, but I've
heard how much guys like it when women wear stockings and high heels;  I
must admit that I like the way my legs and ass look when I'm wearing heels.
Anyway, I've purchased a pair of three inch heels, some white stockings and
a garter belt. I plan to wear them with some white lace thong panties, a
shelf bra (It's a little padded, to make my little boobs look a little
bigger if only for a little while), and a stretchy white dress that is
pretty short (the one I wore to the mall last weekend).  I also picked up
something that I think will drive the guys wild; a ten inch black rubber
dildo.  It is shaped just like a cock, with veins and everything.  I plan
to slowly strip down to my heels, stockings, and garter belt, and then get
out my dildo and show them just how hot I can be!

Anyway, I'll let you know how it goes when I write another letter on
Monday. The reason I'm writing today is because of something that happened
last night.

I was at work yesterday, when Tom called and asked if he minded if he
brought a friend home for supper.  Well, I told him that I didn't mind if
his friend didn't mind having hot dogs. I really don't have time to make a
lot of great meals, so we often eat pasta, or hot dogs, or pizza.  I mean,
we eat low fat hot dogs, but they are still hot dogs.  Anyway, Tom said
that that would be fine, and that he'd see me after work.  I kind-of
wondered what was up, but I didn't give it too much thought.  At first I
thought Tom wanted me to have sex with his friend while he watched, but
he'd already told me that he was afraid that the guy would think he was
weird.  So, I figured it must be something else.

When I got home Tom was already there with his friend.  It was Andy,
someone I'd met before one day when I'd picked Tom up from work.  They were
sitting out on the patio, drinking a couple of beers, and Tom offered me
one.  I told him I'd join them after I changed out of my work clothes, and
went inside to change.  While I was getting undressed, Tom came into the
bedroom and asked what I'd planned to wear.  I told him that I hadn't
really given it much thought and asked him if he had any suggestions.  Now
I knew something was up.  Tom said that I should surprise him, but that he
wouldn't mind if I wanted to show off a little.  Then he told me he'd wait
for me outside and he left.

Well, Andy is pretty good looking, and I didn't mind putting on a little
show for him, so I looked over my wardrobe for something sexy to wear.  I
decided to be really naughty and selected a pair of my PJ's to wear.  It
was a two- piece outfit; a loose-fitting crop top that buttoned down the
front, and a pair of loose-fitting tap pants.  The material was a soft
cotton, so it conformed well to my body and showed my prominent nipples.  I
only buttoned two of the five top buttons, and I didn't put on any
underwear.  As I looked at myself in the mirror, I bent slightly forward at
the waist and was able to see right down my top.  My brown erect nipples
were really obvious.  Then I sat on the bed and looked at myself as I
spread my legs.  My pussy hair was clearly visible, but I wanted to show
off my pussy lips.  I decide to shave my pussy so that Andy would have a
clear view; I wanted him to be able to see how wet I was.  I must admit
that this wasn't entirely my idea, one of you wrote about it in one of your
replies, and I'd been pondering it for a little while. This just seemed
like a good time to do it.  So, I spent a half hour in the bathroom shaving
my pussy.  It was not easy, but I did it!  Then I rubbed some baby oil on
to sooth my irritated skin.  Wow, did it feel good to stroke and caress
myself.  I had to remind myself that there were people waiting, then I left
the bathroom and headed for the patio.

Our patio is in our back yard, but there aren't any fences or walls to keep
the neighbors from seeing what we do there.  That didn't bother me though.
You see, we don't really know our neighbors except to say hi to them, so I
wasn't worried that they would see me and judge me; I didn't care if they
did! Tom and Andy just stared as I walked outside.  I said hi and walked
over to get a beer.  It was in a cooler by Andy's feet, and I made sure
that I was facing him as I bent over to fish a beer out of the cooler.  As
I was getting my beer, I knew that Andy was looking at my breasts.  I moved
slowly so that he could get a good look, and as I straightened up I smiled
at him.  Then I walked over to a chair and took a seat.  My chair was not
situated the way I wanted it, so I moved it until I was facing Andy.  Then
I parted my thighs and commented on how nice and hot it was.  Well, when
Tom and Andy recovered their voices, we talked about what a nice spring it
had been and other small talk. I made sure that I flashed my newly-shaved
pussy every chance I got.  I could see that I was having an effect on them,
because they both had lumps in their pants.

After about a half hour of this, I was ready to just tell them to come
inside so that I could suck their cocks, I thought that that would give Tom
a charge. It was right about then that we ran out of beer.  Andy offered to
go get some more, but Tom told him to stay put, and Tom grabbed his keys
and said that he would be back in a little while.  Well as soon as he left,
I asked Andy if he could come inside for a minute.  As soon as we got
inside, I turned to him and put my hand on his cock.  I told him that I
wanted to feel it in my mouth and I dropped to my knees and unbuttoned his
pants and pulled down his zipper. Then I fished his hard cock out of his
underwear and took it in my mouth.  It was pretty small, about five inches
long and kind of thin, so it slid easily into my throat.  The small size of
Andy's cock got me thinking about another one of you guy's comments.  This
particular guy (and you know who you are) talked in his letter to me about
double penetration, and while I'd never even had a cock in my ass, the idea
intrigued me.  I guess I like doing things that guys think are really sexy,
and I know that most guys think that anal sex is very sexy!  So, I told
Andy to follow me into the bathroom.  Once there, I got out the baby oil
and started rubbing it around my asshole.  I even slipped a finger inside
to lubricate the inside, and it felt pretty good!  Then I bent over the
sink and told Andy, "Fuck me in the ass!"  I could see his face in the
mirror and I could tell that he was up for it.  I'll never forget the
feeling as he eased the head of his dick into me.  I felt absolutely wicked
as I told him to push it all the way in!  What a feeling!  I begged him to
fuck my ass as I played with my clit.  As Andy moved in and out of me I
eventually worked two fingers into my pussy.  I began to thrust them in and
out of my pussy as I urged Andy to fuck me harder.  I started to cum before
he did, and I fell to my knees because of the intensity of my orgasm.  Of
course Andy slipped out of my ass when I fell.  I kind-of bruised one of my
knees on the tile floor, so I grabbed his hand and led him to the bedroom.
I got on my knees and laid over the bed.  I told him that I needed his cock
in my ass, and when he'd pushed it back inside me, I kept repeating, "fuck
my ass, baby!"  It didn't take him long to cum, and when he did he pushed
forward so that his cock was completely buried in my asshole.

After we'd recovered, he told me how sexy I was.  He was afraid though that
Tom would come back and catch us.  I assured him that Tom knew what we were
doing.  I don't know if Tom wanted him to know he knew, but before the
night was over I intended to get them both in bed with me, so it didn't
matter.  I was still pretty hot, so I asked Andy lick my pussy.  As I sat
there on the edge of the bed with Andy's head between my legs, I heard our
car pull up outside.  Andy wanted to stop, but I held his head with my
hands and told him not to stop.  I heard the door open and I called for Tom
to come into the bedroom.  You should have seen him when he saw what was
going on.  He started to back away, but I told him to come over by the bed.
I could tell he was uncomfortable, but I persisted and finally got him to
come to me.  I told him to put the beer down, and then I undid his pants.
I pulled his cock out and asked him if he wanted to know what Andy and I
had been up to.  He kind-of gulped out a yes, so I started to tell him what
had happened.  I went into great detail about how I'd told Andy that I
wanted to suck his cock, and how I'd led him into the house and dropped to
my knees in front of him.  As I told Tom the story of what had happened, I
started sucking on his cock.

When Tom was really hard I told Andy to lie down on the bed.  Then I moved
my head between Andy's legs and began to suck his cock.  As I sucked Andy's
cock, I told Tom to fuck me from behind.  Tom was over his shyness, and he
complied with my wishes.  I still can't get over how wonderful it feels to
be sucking on one guys cock while another guy slides his hard cock into my
pussy.  I think that I would be happy to make love like that all day long.
When Andy was good and hard I told Tom that I wanted to try something new.
I asked him to pull out of my pussy, and when he did I straddled Andy,
taking his cock into my wet pussy.  Then I leaned forward and began telling
Tom how I had asked Andy to fuck me in my ass.  I went on about how good it
had felt, talking really dirty and looking at Tom as I did.  I could see
that he was getting really excited.  Then I asked him if he would stick his
hard cock into my tight asshole!  I started pleading for him to "give it to
me in my ass."  Then I watched as he moved up behind me.  I bent forward,
reaching back and spreading my cheeks for him.  I had my knees spread apart
and was kind-of doing the splits over Andy.  I had to in order to keep his
cock buried in my pussy!  Then I felt Tom pushing the head of his cock
against my asshole.  He moved slowly forward and I felt more and more of
his hard cock slide up my ass.  I begged him to put it all the way in and
he did as I asked.  Then I told him to fuck me hard!  I couldn't believe
how good it felt!  Andy had started to move a little, and I could feel the
two cocks rubbing together in side of me!  I must have cum four or five
times over the next twenty minutes. The pleasure was so intense, I had to
have Andy and Tom stop moving so that I wouldn't pass out.  Then after my
orgasm would subside I'd ask them to start moving again.

Eventually, Tom came, filling my ass with his cum.  It was so intense!  Tom
usually doesn't make a lot of noise, but this time he yelled and moaned as
he shot his cum into me.  After Tom pulled out, I climbed off of Andy and
sucked him into my mouth.   I looked into Tom's eyes as I took Andy's cock
down my throat, and continued to look at Tom as he slowly started to fuck
my mouth. I felt Andy stiffen, and then I felt him start to cum in my
mouth.  While still looking at Tom, I pulled my head up and let Andy finish
cumming on my face.  Then I stood and kissed Tom passionately.  I moved my
hand to his cock and could feel him getting hard again.  Then I got down on
the bed next to Andy on my hands and knees and asked Tom if he wanted to
fuck my ass again. Within seconds he was back inside of me slamming his
cock into my asshole.  I motioned for Andy to move over, and I started
sucking his dick again.

God, what an intense night!  I ended up being fucked two more times in my
ass! After Tom came, Andy took his place until he came again.  Then after
Andy left, Tom ended up doing me again!  I guess I've found a new favorite
position.  Tom told me that he got so turned on watching me take Andy in my
ass that he could hardly stand it.  I asked him if he minded me attacking
Andy like that, and he said that he thought it was really hot.  I asked if
he would like me to do that with other guys and he said he'd like it a lot.
So, I told him that I had met a guy who lived in one of the fraternity
houses in town. And that he had invited me to a party on Saturday night.  I
asked Tom if he'd like me to go to the party, and he said yes.  I asked if
he wanted me to show off my breasts and pussy, and he said yes.  I told him
that I would probably be the only woman there and that there might be ten
or more guys there.  I asked him if it was still okay.  He said yes.  "Do
you want me to show them my pussy?" I asked.  He said yes.  "Do you want me
to suck their cocks?  I'll suck all of their cocks if you want me to.  Do
you want me to?"  He said yes. "Do you want me to fuck them?  I'll do
anything you want.  Do you want me to fuck them all?"  Again Tom said yes.
"Do you want me to take them in my ass? I'll let everyone of them fuck my
ass if you want me to.  Do you want me to let them all fuck my ass?"  Tom
said yes.  I started sucking Tom's cock and telling him how I would suck
and fuck all of those guys and how much I was going to enjoy it!  He came
in my mouth and I swallowed it all.  Then we drifted off to sleep.

Anyway, it's only two days until I get to perform for all of those young
(and hopefully virile) college students!  I can't wait, but I guess I'll
have to. I have decided to make them use condoms, though.  I guess if I'm
going to be having sex with people I don't know, I should be a little more
careful.  I still plan to let them jerk off on me if they want to, I just
won't let them cum inside of me.  I'm going to miss them cumming in my
mouth though, I really love it when a guy erupts in my mouth.  It makes me
feel so nasty!  It's not all gloom and doom, though.  I mean, I can still
let Tom and Andy and Bob cum in my mouth.  I know that they are all safe
(they are all married, and I think faithful except when they're with me).
And I'm sure I'll be able to add a few guys to the list over time.  I'm
excited about making a little spending money, too.

So, think about me Saturday night.  By 8:30 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, I
should have my new dildo planted firmly in my hot pussy, and by 9:00 I'll
probably have a big dick in my mouth and another in my pussy.  And by 10:00
I want to have a hard cock slamming in and out of my ass!  I'll tell you
all about it on Monday!  I love you all.

Love, Bobbi Subject: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 10(exhib, wife, etc) Date: 6 Jun
1996 22:38:47 +0200 From: nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) Organization:
Replay and Company UnLimited Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

**********************Warning**********************************************
* A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer to my
letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting
my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't
eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic
material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman
having sex with several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.
Okay?

Thursday, June 6

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  For those of you who haven't been following my letters to this
newsgroup, I am a 5'1", 105 lb athlete who has taken to showing off my body
to liven up my sex life.  I have shoulder length blond hair and blue eyes,
and I like to think that my 34A-22-34 figure is firm and desirable.  I am
not beautiful, but I've been told by a lot of guys that I am.  I would say
that I am cute instead of gorgeous. My figure is firm because I work out at
least eight hours a week, either cross country skiing, roller-blading,
running, weight lifting, swimming, or biking.  I've been told that my best
feature is my firm ass, and I love to show it off.

Well, this weekend I got to show off a lot more than my ass!  In my last
letter, I told you that I was going to get the chance to meet with a group
of college guys at their fraternity house.  Well, I finally got the chance
to do it.

All day Saturday, I was so excited and nervous, I didn't know what to do
with myself.  I went for a run in the morning (with my clothes on this
time), and I went to the gym to lift weights.  I saw Gary (one of the guys
I'd be performing for that night) at the gym, but I didn't show off to him
like I have before.  I talked to him a little, asking him who would be
there that night. He told me that he'd spread the word around to several of
his friends who were still in town (most students were home for break), and
that he knew of nine guys besides himself who would be there for my show.
He also said that some of them might bring friends.  I felt really wicked
talking with him about it.  I mean, there we were in a public place talking
about how many guys would be available to watch me strip, and then have sex
with me. Needless to say, when I got home from my workout, I was still
pretty excited.

I told Tom that I'd talked to Gary and how he'd told me that there would be
at least ten guys at the party that night.  I asked Tom if he still wanted
me to go, and he said that he did.  He asked me to tell him what I was
planning to do with all of those men, and I asked him what he thought I
should do.  I love playing this game with Tom.  He is pretty shy when it
comes to talking about sex, so I end up asking him questions about what I
should do.  So, at first I told him that I planned to do a strip tease for
them, and I asked if he'd like that. Of course he said that he would, he
always says yes to whatever I propose.  Then I went to the bedroom and
showed him the 10" black dildo I'd bought for that night.  As I asked him
if I should fuck myself with the dildo in front of them, I could see that
he was getting really excited.  I showed Tom how I was going to suck on it
later, and I asked him if he thought the guys would like it.  I didn't get
much further before Tom attacked me.  My pussy was really wet and as Tom
kissed me I undid his pants and pulled out his hard cock.  I lay down on
the bed and told Tom to fuck me.  God was he excited!  He pushed his cock
into me with one fluid stoke and began giving it to me hard.  I knew Tom
would cum quickly, and I wanted to feel him in my ass (something I'd just
been introduced to), so I told him.  "Fuck my ass, baby," I pleaded, and he
pulled out of my pussy as I turned over. I reached down between my legs and
spread some of my pussy juice around my asshole.  Then I raised my ass a
little off the bed and told Tom to put his cock in my ass!  As Tom slid his
hard cock into my ass, I felt a burning sensation, but I couldn't (and
didn't want to) stop him as he plunged all the way in.  He fucked me hard
for about five minutes as I rubbed my clit, and the feelings of pain and
pleasure mixed together.  I guess the pleasure outweighed the pain, and I
came shortly before Tom erupted into my ass.

As Tom pulled out of me I was a little sore, and I made a mental note to
bring some baby oil with me to the party for lubrication!  I had
entertained Tom and a friend of his a couple of nights before and they had
fucked me a total of five or six times in my ass!  I used baby oil that day
and I didn't get sore then, so I figured I needed the lubrication.  Before
that night I'd never had anyone in there, but I've quickly grown to love
the sensation.  At the party, I'd thought I might try to take on three guys
at once, one in my ass, one in my pussy, and one in my mouth.  I could
hardly wait!

Around seven o'clock I began to get ready for my evening.  I took a bath
and shaved my legs and pussy.  Then I put on my white stockings and garter
as Tom watched.  I pulled on my white lace thong panties over them so that
I'd be able to take my panties off and leave my stockings on.  I put on my
slightly padded shelf bra and looked at myself in the mirror.  The bra
lifted my little boobs up and displayed them nicely.  You could just see a
hint of brown above my nipples.  I put on my tight white cotton dress and
my three inch white heels.  My dress just barely covered my ass so you
could see my bare legs above the tops of my stockings, and the garter as it
disappeared under the hem of my dress.  I loved the way my heels
accentuated the well-tuned muscles in my legs.  Tom told me that I looked
very hot, and I had to agree with him.  I couldn't help thinking I'd like
to wear this outfit to the bar one night (but not in our town!) and see
what happens.  I walked over to where he was sitting and got down on my
knees.  I pulled his cock out and took it down my throat.  I looked up into
his eyes as I sucked his cock.  I would suck him for a while, then I'd tell
him how I wished there was a cock in my pussy, too.  As I sucked him, I
asked if he still wanted me to suck and fuck all of those strange guys.

"If you still want me to, I'll suck all of their cocks," I said.  "Do you
want me to?  Do you want me to take all of those hard cocks down my throat
like this?"  Tom just nodded and moaned.  I asked him if I should fuck
them, too, and he nodded again.  Then he started to cum in my mouth.  I
swallowed it all and licked him clean.  Then, as I stood and grabbed my
bag, I told him to think of me full of cock.  I told him that I didn't know
when I'd be home, because some of the guys might want to fuck me more than
once.  Then I walked out the door and got into my car.

I couldn't wait to get to the fraternity house!  I was so excited I could
hardly stand it.  It only took about five minutes to drive there, and when
I arrived I noticed a lot of cars in the driveway.  I parked at the end of
the drive and walked up to the house.  They were obviously waiting for me,
because the door opened before I even got to the porch.  Gary was standing
there, holding the door open for me.  He whistled his approval of my
outfit, and I gave him a nice wet kiss to thank him.  There were a bunch of
guys in the front room, so I went in and sat down on the couch between two
of them.  There wasn't really any room on the couch, so I had to squeeze in
between them.  As I did, my dress rode up over my ass and exposed my lace
panties.  I asked the guys in the room if they were there for my show and
they all said yes. Gary told me that they had set up a little stage for me
in the dining room, and that there were more guys in there.  I asked him
how many guys were going to be there, and he replied that there were
fourteen of them so far, but that there might be a couple more.  I asked if
anyone wanted to wait for the others to show up, and no one did.  So, I
stood up and asked Gary to lead the way.

The dining room was huge!  It must have been 20' by 40', and the stage
turned out to be a king-size bed in the center of the room.  I told
everybody to grab a chair and to get ready for the show to begin. When
everyone was seated, I introduced myself and laid down the ground rules.  I
told them that I was going to strip for them, and if they liked what they
saw they should tip me accordingly.  I also let them know that with the
proper encouragement, there probably wasn't anything that I wouldn't do,
and as I said it, I pulled my black ten inch dildo from my bag and laid it
on the bed.  I asked Gary to turn on the music so that we could get the
show started.

The music started and the sounds of Aerosmith filled the room.  I'm not a
professional dancer, so I just kind of moved to the music.  I strutted back
and forth, caressing my breasts through my dress and turning and bending
over to expose my ass to them.  I noticed a few guys rubbing their crotches
and I smiled at them.  After a short while, I began to slide the hem of my
dress up to show off my panties. They had worked their way up into my
crotch and I pulled the material up between my pussy lips.  My dress has a
zipper down the back and I pulled it down.  I was getting really hot and I
decided to speed up the pace a little.  I pulled my dress forward off of my
shoulders and let it drop to the floor.  Well, the guys really liked it and
a couple of them held up dollar bills.  I have seen movies of strippers
before so I knew that they would want to tuck their tips into my panties.
I moved first to one guy then the other and let them push their dollars
into my panties.  I let them run their fingers over my pussy as they did
it, and man, it felt good!  More of the guys were holding up dollars and I
offered my breasts to one of them.  He pushed his dollar into my small
cleavage and stroked my breasts as he did it.  Then I turned my back to
them and undid my bra.  When I turned back around, I let it drop to the
floor and started pinching my nipples.  They were already erect and the
guys seemed to like how big they were.  I have very prominent nipples and
they stick out about 3/4 of an inch when they are erect like they were
then.  I moved closer to the guys and they started running their hands over
my tits and stroking my ass.  I asked if they wanted to see my pussy and
they howled and cheered. This was great!  I told one guy to pull down my
panties and soon, I was left in just my stockings, garter and heels.

By now, the guys were feeling me all over and tucking dollars into my
garter belt and playing with my very wet pussy.  The money seemed to add an
even sexier feel to things, I felt like I had to do what they wanted.  I
mean, they were paying me, weren't they.  So, I decided to turn up the heat
even more.  I moved over to the bed and climbed on. Then I grabbed my big
black dildo and started to suck on it.  As I mentioned before, it was ten
inches long, but it wasn't terribly thick.  I like to feel full when I have
a cock or anything in my pussy, but I'm kind of small (you know, 5'1" and
105 lbs), and so is my pussy.  Anyway, this particular dildo was just big
enough around so that I couldn't quite wrap my fingers around it (not huge,
but big enough to fill me up).  I teased them with it, holding it near my
pussy and asking if I should put it in.  They definitely wanted to see me
fuck myself with that thing, so I asked them what it was worth. More of the
guys came over and dropped bills on the bed, and I put the head of the
dildo into my wet, hot pussy.  I got up on my hands and knees and pointed
my ass at them as I started to fuck myself with a few inches of the dildo.
There were a few black guys there, and one of them told me how good I
looked with a black cock in me.  I told him that I bet I'd look better with
two black cocks in me, and told him to come on over.  I asked the other
guys if I should suck their friends cock and they urged me on.  As he stood
in front of me, I kind of forgot about the money.  I think the guys were
still putting bills on the bed, but I didn't care, I was about to get my
first cock of the night.  As I reached forward and undid his pants, I told
the guys that they were going to have to put on condoms if they wanted me
to go any further. I was afraid that they'd object, but I guess I'd made
them all so horny, they hardly protested at all.  I told them that there
were rubbers in my bag if they needed them.  Then I watched as the black
guy in front of me pulled out a fairly big semi-hard cock.  I could tell
that this would be one of the biggest cocks I'd ever had! I told him that
once I got him hard he'd have to put a rubber on, but right then I just had
to have him in my mouth.  If he'd been completely hard I would have had a
harder time taking him down my throat, but that's just what I did.  As I
moved forward and felt his cock sliding down my throat, I used my hand to
push my dildo as far into my pussy as I could.

I just got so incredibly turned on with those two black members inside of
me.  The other guys were blown away by my actions and they kept telling me
how hot I was.  You can't believe how sexy it is to hear a bunch of strange
men telling you how good you look with two cocks in you, and that's what
they were saying.  As the cock in my mouth started getting harder, I told
him to put his rubber on.  While he was putting it in, I rolled onto my
back and started to really fuck myself with the dildo.  I kept looking from
one guy to the next as I slid that black rubber cock in and out of my
pussy.  I had intended to keep my heels on, but I'm afraid they came off as
I thrashed around on the bed.  My black lover got my attention by holding
his cock in front of my face, and I pulled the dildo out of my pussy.  I
wanted this guy inside of me.  I asked him how he wanted me and he said
that I should just lie back. As he climbed on top of me, I guided the head
of his cock between my pussy lips.  I was well lubricated by then so I
wasn't surprised when he started to slide inside of me.  Like I said he was
pretty big.  Well, more long than big around; and he couldn't get his cock
all the way in.  It must have been almost as long as my dildo, probably
nine inches, and he started to fuck me slowly.  Every time that he pushed
himself in, he would hit the bottom of my pussy.  It was a strange
sensation, kind of painful, but soooo satisfying.  I really felt like I was
full of cock.  After a minute of two, he was pushing harder and making me
accommodate more of his cock.  I think I came twice before he finally
pushed deep and I felt his cock start to throb.  He got kind of a glazed
look on his face and then kind-of collapsed on top of me.  When I looked
down, I saw that he had never gotten all of his dick into me, and I hoped
that I'd get another chance later to try to take all of his nine inches.

The other guys applauded and cheered as their friend got up off of me. I
sat up and asked if they had liked the show.  Then I told them to gather
around the bed.  When they were all standing beside the bed I moved from
one to the next, sucking their cocks into my mouth.  It was really wild,
there were so many guys there that they formed a barrier around the bed,
sort of like a fence with dicks!  I was really in my element sucking on all
of those cocks!  I found two really big ones, too!  One must have been nine
inches long and a little thicker the guy I'd just fucked, but the other one
was huge!  It had to be ten inches long and really thick!  I couldn't even
get him in my mouth!  Still I tried!  When I got around the circle to him I
kind-of wrapped my hands around his cock and tried to get the entire head
of his cock in my mouth.  My fingers and thumbs overlapped a little (of
course I have kind-of small hands), but not much, and try as I might, I
couldn't get the whole head in my mouth!  I must of been spending too much
time with Mr. Big, because the others started to get impatient with me.

Before I knew it, there was a guy on the bed with me.  I was on my hands
and knees and had just moved on to the next cock in front of my face when I
felt someone behind me.  I had planned to suck everybody off once first, so
that they would have some staying power when they all fucked me, but this
guy had other plans.  As I felt him slide his cock into my pussy, I asked
if he had a condom on.  He said that he did, so I told him to go ahead and
fuck me.  I guess I've told you how much I enjoy the feeling of having a
cock in my mouth while someone fucks me from behind.  Well, he made me cum
right away and I had to take the cock out of my mouth so I wouldn't hurt
him.  God was it good!!  The guy in my pussy only lasted about five
minutes, but I came one more time before he did.  When he pulled out I
pleaded for someone to take his place!  I'm afraid that I get a little
whiny sometimes, and now I was begging for a cock to fill my pussy.

I didn't have to wait long before another guy was plowing my pussy from
behind.  I was in heaven, with a cock in my mouth and another in my pussy!
I looked between my legs to make sure the guy was wearing a condom, and he
was, so I just gave in to the pleasurable feeling. Just then, the guy I was
sucking on told me that he was going to cum. I hadn't bothered to have the
guys who's cocks I was sucking put on rubbers, so I told him to cum on my
face.  As he jacked off on my face I had to use all of my self-control to
keep from engulfing his cock and savoring the taste of his cum.  I really
love the taste of cum. Anyway, I refrained from tasting him and I moved on
to the next guy.

I went on like that for quite a while, sucking guys off while their friends
pounded my pussy with their hard cocks.  It was fantastic! Gary said that
two more guys had arrived bringing the number of cocks in the room to
sixteen.  I was marveling at how good I felt when I felt something really
big pushing against my pussy.  I looked back and saw that it was the guy
with the enormous cock, and I asked him what had taken him so long.  I knew
that this would take my full concentration so I told the guy I was sucking
on that he'd have to wait just a minute.  I could feel the head of Mr.
Big's cock pushing between my pussy lips and I really wanted him inside of
me.  I asked Gary to get my bag and bring it over.  Then I told him to give
my lover the baby oil.  Well, he knew what to do, and pretty soon both my
pussy and his huge cock were coated with the slippery stuff.  I was on my
hands and knees, and now I lowered my head and got down on my elbows.  Then
I told him to try again.  All of the other guys had kind-of gathered around
to watch me take this huge cock, and they weren't disappointed.  I felt
like I was about to split open as he pushed the head of his cock into me!
Once the head was inside, my pussy contracted around the shaft of his
monstrous cock, and the pain went away.  I came as he pushed forward and
tried to bury himself in me.  He must have gone in eight inches, which is
the furthest anything has gone into my pussy!  It was incredible!!  I was
truly full of cock!  He was very kind and didn't move while I came for
about 30 seconds.  After the intensity subsided, I told him to move in and
out slowly.  I was really out of it!  All I could think of was how good I
felt!  I started looking around as he moved gently in and out of my pussy.
The other guys around were all stroking their cocks and watching as this
totally depraved woman fucked this huge cock.  I really loved it that it
was me doing it for them.

I wanted to do something even sexier for my audience so I asked my lover to
pull out of me slowly.  After he did, I grabbed the baby oil and lubed him
up some more, and then I poured it all over my ass.  I took care to rub it
into my asshole with first one finger, then two , then three, and
ultimately four.  Then I lowered my head and shoulders again and asked him
if he'd fuck me in the ass.  I felt the head of his huge cock pushing
between my cheeks, and I cried out as the head pushed in.  He stopped
momentarily, and I pushed back against him and yelled for him to give me
all of it!  You can't imagine how full I felt as he pushed forward and
drove that beautiful cock all the way into me.

I had never felt so sexy!  I got back up on my hands and knees and motioned
for the guy in front of me to feed me his cock.  I kind-of lost control
then, I just went wild!  I grabbed the guy in front of me by the ass and
pulled him towards me until his cock was buried to his balls in my mouth.
I just hung onto him as the guy with the monster cock slammed in and out of
my ass.  I started to cum and just kept on cumming.  I'm afraid I let the
guy in my mouth shoot his sperm down my throat.  I loved it though, it
tasted so good!  I started sucking off another guy while my ass was being
thoroughly fucked by that huge ten inch cock.  Then Mr. Big told me he was
going to cum.  I told him that I wanted to see him cum, and that he should
cum on my tits.  He pulled out, and I rolled onto my back.  I watched as he
pulled his rubber off and started to jack off on me.  It was all so dreamy!
I remember watching as he started to shoot big streams of cum onto my tits.
I remember rubbing his cum into my little boobs as he got off of me and
another guy moved up between my legs.

Everything was kind of a blur after that.  I remember thinking I had to be
more careful, and to not swallow any more cum.  And I don't think I did let
any more guys feed me their cum.  I remember lying their as one guy after
another climbed on top of me and fucked either my pussy or my ass.  I must
have cum fifty times!  God I loved it!! Imagine me just lying there as one
guy after another took his turn with me.  I'm sure I fucked all sixteen
guys, and I remember seeing a lot of the guys more than once.  I was there
until 2:00 A.M., that's six hours of fucking!  Gary was very helpful when
it came time for me to leave.  He kind of brought me to my senses and
helped me to gather my things.  He handed me a stack of bills and told me
I'd made $143. I know that that isn't a lot of money, but I had enjoyed
earning it. Gary had noticed how out-of-it I was, and he wanted to make
sure I got home okay.  It was really something.  I hadn't had anything to
drink, but I felt like I was in no condition to drive.  I guess it was all
of the intense sex, but it really had me feeling strange.  I told Gary that
I would like a ride home, and that I would pick up my car the following
day.

I put my panties and bra on, but I didn't want to put my dress on.  I was
covered with cum and I didn't want to get it all over my white dress.  I
asked Gary if he minded if I rode with him wearing only what I had on.  He
said that he sure didn't mind, and as we walked to the door, I stopped and
kissed several of the guys.  As we approached the door, I thought about how
sexy it would be if I revealed even more, so I took off my bra and panties.
Then Gary and I walked out the door. It was a little cool, and I got
goosebumps on most of my body.  I loved how it felt to walk down the
driveway with only my garter belt, stockings and heels on.  Gary's car was
near the road and I hoped that someone would drive by and see me, but
nobody did.  As a matter of fact, we didn't see another car all the way to
my house.

I saw that the living room light was on when we pulled in my driveway, so I
figured Tom was probably sitting there waiting for me.  I decided to make
him wait a little longer, and I asked Gary if he'd like me to suck his
cock.  Gary thought that that sounded great so I moved over to him and
undid his pants.  Since I'd let Gary cum inside of me before, I thought I'd
let him cum in my mouth and on my face.  I wanted to have some fresh cum to
show Tom.  I got up on my knees on the seat and bent down to take Gary's
cock in my mouth.  Our porch light was on and there was a streetlight
nearby, so I knew anybody who was looking would be able to see that I was
nearly naked, and that I was giving someone a blow job.

I came up for air once and looked around.  I noticed that our living room
curtains were pulled to the side and I knew that Tom was watching.  I also
noticed lights on in our neighbor's kitchen, and I thought I saw somebody
standing next to the window.  Anyway, I went back down on Gary and I sucked
him until he started to cum.  I swallowed some and had him shoot the rest
on my face.  I guess we'd been there for over fifteen minutes, long enough
to give whoever was watching a good show.  Then I told Gary I'd come for my
car in the morning, and I gathered my things and got out of the car.  I
took my time walking up the steps.  I looked over at the neighbor's house
and saw him standing in the kitchen window watching me.  He was a single
guy who kept to himself, but he wasn't that bad looking.  I hoped that he'd
been jacking off as he watched me sucking Gary's cock.  I really wanted to
go over there so that he could fuck me, but I didn't want to make Tom wait
anymore.

I stepped inside and saw Tom sitting in the living room.  I went to him and
let him look me over.  I asked if he'd been watching me in the car and he
said that he had.  I told him that I could still taste the cum the guy had
shot into my mouth, and showed him the rest of it on my face.  Then I laid
down on the floor and told Tom to fuck me.  As we made love I told him how
I'd sucked and fucked sixteen guys.  Tom came right away, but I was able to
get him hard again and we went to the bedroom where we made love again as I
recounted the events of the evening, including how I'd taken all of a
ten-inch cock in my ass.

Well, that was Saturday night.  My pussy, jaw, and ass were kind of tender
the next day, but Tom and I made love three more times over the course of
the day.  I didn't go up to the frat house when we went to get my car, but
I'm sure I'll go back someday.  Tom was going to stop and get some
groceries on the way back to the house, so I beat him home.  When I got
home the neighbor who had watched me the night before was in his driveway
washing his car.  Our driveways are right next to each other, so I had to
walk right by him when I got out of my car.  He told me that he had enjoyed
my performance and asked if I'd do the same for him.  I had been thinking
about Saturday night and was feeling kind-of randy, so I said "sure."  I
followed him into his house and dropped to my knees as he pulled out his
cock.  God, I felt nasty!!  I looked up at him as I sucked his dick and
when he came, I swallowed it all!  I got up off of my knees, kissed him on
the cheek and asked if that's what he had in mind.  He told me that he'd
like to fuck me next time and I said that I'd like that just fine.  Then I
went home to wait for Tom.  Luckily, Tom didn't get home for a little
while.  I'm not sure that he would approve of me sucking our neighbor's
cock.  When Tom did get home, I attacked him and made him fuck me in the
ass.

Well, as you can see, I had a full weekend.  I've been pretty busy at work
this week, so I've had to write this a little at a time.  I did meet with
Mary on Wednesday at noon, and she and I licked each other's pussies until
we came.  She is so cool, I'm really glad I met her. She wants me to come
over this weekend for a party for her husbands 40th birthday.  She wants
the two of us to perform at the party.  She has got it all planned out.
She's only invited her husband's male friends, and me.  In her plan, she
and I are supposed to slip away to make love to each other in their
bedroom.  When we get there she plans to turn on the intercom and broadcast
our love-making to the rest of the party.  The bedroom door will be open,
and she has already talked to one of the guys about getting everybody else
to come and spy on us. It sounds really hot!  I've told her I'll think
about it.  I also asked if she could invite Tom so that he could get in on
the fun, and she said that she could.

What do you think?  Should I do it?  Be sure to let me know what you think.
I love you all, and I think of you often.

Love, Bobbi Subject: Repost: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 11 (exhib, slut) Date:
Sat, 10 Aug 1996 07:50:07 UTC From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue)
Reply-To: an598218@anon.penet.fi Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

**********************Warning**********************************************
* I've been advised by a friend to add a disclaimer to my letters.  It
seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting my letters, so
by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't eighteen, don't
read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic material and may
not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman having sex with
several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.  Okay?

Tuesday, June 11

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.   Just thought I'd write and keep you up to date with what I've
been up to.  For those of you who haven't been following my letters to this
newsgroup, I am a 5'1", 105 lb athlete who has taken to showing off my body
to liven up my sex life.  I have shoulder length blond hair and blue eyes,
and I like to think that my 34A-22-34 figure is firm and desirable.  I am
not beautiful, but I've been told by a lot of guys that I am.  I would say
that I am cute instead of gorgeous.  My figure is firm because I work out
at least eight hours a week, either cross country skiing, roller-blading,
running, weight lifting, swimming, or biking.  I've been told that my best
feature is my firm ass, and I love to show it off.

I've had a lot of fun lately, showing off as much of my body to as many men
as I could (without being arrested!).  I've also found out (although I've
suspected all along) how great it feels to go to bed with more than one guy
at a time.  I am happily married and until recently, had kept my husband in
the dark about my new sexual activities.  Well, that has changed. A short
time ago I got him to let me do it with two guys while he listened over the
phone. Well, that's a little history, now for the new stuff.

Well, the party at Mary's didn't work out as she'd planned.  At the last
minute, she got cold feet, so we didn't put on our show for the guys.  I
guess some people showed up who shouldn't have, and Mary was afraid that
they would lose their cool if we had gone ahead with our plan to make love
in front of the other party guests.  I did flash a few guys after I'd taken
off my panties in the bathroom, but Tom and I went home alone.  I know you
probably don't want to hear this, but I really enjoyed making love to just
Tom that night.

Anyway, I made up for it today at noon.  I went for a run over to Mary's
house to give her a hard time about the fiasco at the party Saturday.  When
I got there, I knocked on the door and her husband answered.  I asked if
Mary was home and he said that he'd get her.  I was wearing my running
shorts without the liner and my white sports bra, and my nipples were
erect.  He invited me in, and then left to go get Mary.  I liked the way
he'd looked me over, and when Mary came out to meet me, I told her about
it.  She said that she'd told him about her botched plan for Saturday
night, and that he'd expressed his disappointment that things hadn't worked
out.

I told her that maybe we should do something about that, and asked her to
call him.  Mary called his name, and when I heard him approaching, I
stepped forward and put my arms around Mary's neck and gave her a long wet
kiss.  As I kissed her, I was aware that Mark had stopped and was watching
me give his wife a french kiss.  I took Mary's hand in mine and moved it
down between my legs.  She didn't need any further encouragement, and she
started stroking her fingers across my pussy.  I pulled up my running top
to expose my little boobs and then I pulled Mary's shirt up so that her
beautiful, full breasts were exposed.  It felt wonderful as I pressed my
erect nipples against hers.  Mary had worked two fingers into my pussy, and
was moving them in and out.  All of this time I kept kissing her, letting
my tongue swirl around inside of her hot mouth.

I couldn't stand it anymore and I broke off the kiss and told Mary that I
needed her to suck on my clit.  She didn't hesitate as she fell to her
knees and, holding my shorts to one side, began licking and sucking my
clit.  In my sexiest manner, I asked Mark if he minded if I made love to
his wife.  He was pretty blown away by what was happening, but he had the
presence of mind to tell me to go right ahead.  I played with Mary's hair
as Mary licked and sucked my pussy, but I stared at Mark.  I told him that
it would be okay if he wanted to take his cock out and play with it.  Well,
about two seconds later, he had his hard dick in his hand.  I told him that
if he really loved his wife, he should take his clothes off and fuck her
from behind.  As he was getting undressed, I asked Mary if she wanted a
hard cock in her pussy.  She looked up at me with a lusty look and said,
"Oh yes!"  Just then Mark moved up behind her and slipped his cock into her
wet pussy.

I was getting kind of tired standing there, so I asked Mary if I could suck
on her clit, too.  I didn't wait for an answer as I got down on the floor
and slid underneath her.  I wrapped my arms around her waist and lifted
myself up so that I could lick her clit.  It wasn't easy (glad I lift
weights), but I was soon licking and sucking her clit as Mark's pussy
juice-covered cock slid back and forth in front of my face.  Mary lowered
her head and began to fuck me with her tongue, and I started to cum!  I had
to stop licking for a minute as I came.  Mary is so cruel to me!  She just
doesn't give me time to recover from my orgasms.  When I cum, my pussy is
soooo sensitive, and Mary knows it. I ask her to stop licking me so that I
can recover, but she just won't do it! It makes for really intense, long
orgasms, and I do enjoy them.  It's just that they are soooo intense I can
hardly stand it!  Anyway, after my orgasm finally started to subside, I
became hypnotized by the sight of Mark's cock moving back and forth in
front of me as he fucked his wife.  I couldn't help myself; I started
licking the shaft of his cock as it moved in and out of Mary's pussy.  I
stopped for long enough to tell Mark to take his cock out of Mary when he
started to cum, and to feed it to me.  He groaned when I said that, and in
less than a minute he tensed and drove his cock hard into Mary's pussy.  I
knew that he was cumming, and I told him to feed me his cock.  He pulled
out just as he started to shoot, and with one hand I quickly guided his
hard spurting cock into my mouth.  God, it felt good!!!  There is nothing
like the feeling of having a hard cock erupting in your mouth.  I pushed
myself towards Mark so that his cock slid down my throat all the way to his
balls. Then I just drank down his cum until he started to get a little
soft.

I lowered myself to the floor and his cock eased from between my lips.
Mary was still fucking my pussy with her tongue, and I asked her to come to
me. She turned around and laid down beside me, and I gave her a kiss so
that she could taste her husband's cum in my mouth.  Then I asked her if
she would finger-fuck me.  I told her that I wanted to kiss her while we
finger-fucked each other.  In answer to my question, I felt Mary slide a
couple fingers into my hot, wet pussy.  I did the same for her, and then I
rolled us over so that I was on top.  I bent froward and kissed her
passionately as I began to really fuck her with my fingers.  I worked four
fingers inside her pussy and used my thumb to rub her clit.  I started
fucking her mouth with my tongue, and she responded by sucking it into her
mouth.  Mary had four fingers in my pussy, too, and it wasn't long until we
were both cumming.  I loved the feeling of her tongue in my mouth as we
came.  And what made it especially hot was Mark standing there watching!!

When we'd calmed down a little, I asked Mark if he'd enjoyed our
performance. He said that he sure had, and told me that I could come over
anytime.  Mary started telling me how kinky Mark was, and how he'd been
after Mary to go to bed with one of his friends.  I could see that Mark was
getting excited as Mary talked about his fantasies.  Then Mary told Mark
that I'd just recently been gang-banged by over a dozen guys.  It's funny,
but I hadn't thought of it as a gang bang.  My picture of a gang bang is
where several guys force a woman to have sex, and that's not what I'd done.
Anyway, I volunteered Tom (my husband) to come over and fuck Mary while
Mark watched, and she agreed to it.

Mark asked me if there were any fantasies I'd had that I hadn't lived out
yet, and I thought of one that has been in the back of my mind for a while.
Have you ever been to one of those rustic rest stops that they sometimes
have along rural two-lane highways?  They typically have one or two stalls,
and no running water, and they typically smell kind of bad.  Well, you know
how I love being outside with no clothes on.  In my fantasy, I'm inside the
men's rest room at one of those rest stops.  I'm naked and it is pretty
dark, dark enough so that you can't make out a person's face.  I spend most
of the night there, and I let every guy that comes in fuck me.  You should
have seen Mark when I told him this.  His cock was hard again, and he was
stroking it. Mary saw his predicament and went to him and took him into her
mouth.  He asked me questions about my fantasy as Mary's head bobbed up and
down on his dick.  He wanted to know things like; how many guys, what would
I wear on the way there, and lots of other detailed questions.  I guess I
hadn't thought it out in that much detail, and I told him so.  Then he
really got into it, even suggesting the rest stop.  He was really excited
talking about it, and it wasn't long before he started to cum in Mary's
mouth.

Afterward, he asked if I would like for him to arrange my fantasy for me.
He said that he knew the perfect place, and that I could be sure that
several men would stop there.  I told him that it sounded a little
dangerous, and that I didn't want anything to happen to me.  Mark assured
me that he would be there to make sure every one used condoms, and that he
wouldn't let anyone hurt me (Mark is a pretty big guy).  I thought about it
for a minute, and then I told him to set it up.  I also told him that I
would get Tom to come over and keep Mary entertained.  They both liked that
idea, and I'm sure Tom will, too.  I asked Mark if I needed to make any
special preparations and he said to just come over around 9:00 P.M. on
Friday, and to be ready for some fun.

So if everything goes alright, this coming Friday, I'll be spending a good
portion of my night bent over, with some strange guy's cock in my pussy.
Sound like fun?  I think so.  I'll be sure to write next week and tell you
what happened.

Love, Bobbi

P.S. If you want to write me anonymously, send your mail to
an598218@anon.penet.fi.  Please keep the subject clean, but make the text
as hot as you want.  I can take it!
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Bobbi Sue's Adventure 12 (wife,m's/f) Date: 19 Jun 1996 21:49:58 +0200
From: nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) Organization: Replay and Company
UnLimited Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

**********************Warning**********************************************
* A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer to my
letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting
my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't
eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic
material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman
having sex with several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.
Okay?

Monday, June 17

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  For those of you who don't know me (I've been writing letters
to this newsgroup for a couple months now), I'll describe myself for you.
I am pretty short, only 5'1" tall, and I weigh about 105 pounds.  My blond
hair is shoulder length and my eyes are blue.  I've been told that I'm
cute, and without trying to sound conceited, I think it's true.  I exercise
every day, either running, roller-blading, swimming, or cross-country
skiing (in the winter, of course), and as a result, my body is in really
good shape.  My measurements are 34A-22-34, and while my boobs are kind-of
small, I have very prominent nipples.  I've also been told that my best
feature is my nicely-shaped butt.  I have always had a voracious appetite
for sex, but for the last two months, I've been satisfying myself with men
(and one woman) other than my husband.  At first I kept it a secret from my
husband (Tom), but have since found out that he enjoys having his wife fill
herself with other men's cocks.

This letter is to tell you all about what happened last Friday night.  My
girlfriend Mary's husband had agreed (actually, he was the one who proposed
it) to watch over me as I met with some strangers at a rustic rest area.
Tom and I arrived at Mary and Marks' house at 9:00 P.M. on Friday night,
just as Mark had instructed.  Mary met us at the door and ushered us into
the living room.  We said our hello's to Mark, but the meeting was a little
awkward.  You see, Tom was there to take care of Mary while Mark looked
after me at the rest area.  Anyway, it was awkward at first until we'd had
a couple of drinks and everyone started to relax a little. It was beginning
to get dark outside and I was dying to know what Mark had in store for me,
so I asked him.  Mark said that he wanted to surprise me, and that we would
be leaving shortly.

I asked Mary what she intended to do to my husband while Mark and I were
gone, and she said that she planned to see how many times she could make
him cum. Then she came over and sat between us and started running her hand
up and down Tom's thigh.  Mark decided that it was time for us to leave,
and as we walked to the door I saw Mary unzip Tom's pants.  As Mark opened
the door, he told me to take off all of my clothes.  I was getting pretty
excited as I stripped, thinking about what must be in store for me.  Mark
opened the door, and we stepped out into the warn night, leaving my clothes
behind.  We walked to his car, got in, and pulled out of the driveway.

Once on the road, Mark started to tell me what was going to happen.  The
Rest Area he had selected was about twenty miles away.  It was on a remote
section of road, located about midway between two fairly small towns.  He
told me that he had gone there Tuesday after he, Mary and I had made love.
He had written a note on the men's bathroom wall telling anyone who read
it, that Bobbi would be there from 11:00 P.M. till 3:00 A.M. on Friday,
June 14 looking for cock! He had even written out a block schedule, so that
men could reserve me for a half hour!  The bathroom was a one stall outdoor
toilet with no door, but a kind of entry way that screened the user from
the outside.  There was a roof about eight feet up, but the walls only
stood six feet high.  Mark told me that he had checked earlier today, and
that all of the eight time blocks had check marks by them!  I was really
hot, listening to all that he had to say, and I began playing with my
pussy.  I wished that I could flash someone, but we were on a two lane
highway and there wasn't very much traffic.  Mark continued to tell me what
was going to happen.  When he was at the rest area earlier in the week, he
had observed that it was pretty dark inside the men's bathroom.  It was
light enough to make out the toilet, but not light enough for anyone to
make out who I was.  He told me that I was not allowed to refuse anyone for
any reason, and that I should do whatever the men asked of me, as long as
it would not hurt me physically.  He told me to scream if anyone tried to
hurt me, and that he would be right outside to take care of me.  It was
right about then, that he pulled off the road into the Rest Area he'd
described to me.

He drove over by the path to the men's room and parked next to two cars
that were already there.  He pulled in on the left of the cars, so that I
would be right next to the car on our right.  I looked over to see a man
looking back at me.  I could also see that there was another man in the
other car.  Mark told me that it was only 10:30, but maybe I could get
started early.  Then he got out of the car and walked around to the man on
my right. Mark asked if he was there to fuck Bobbi.  They were only a few
feet from me, so I heard every word.  The guy said yes, and then asked him
if I was Bobbi. Mark replied that I was, and then he told me to get out of
the car.  So, I got out and moved to Mark's side.  I made sure to spread my
legs as I got out of the car, so the guy would have a clear view of my
pussy.  Mark asked if I was ready, and I said, "Oh yea, I'm extremely
ready."  I looked at the guy in the car and asked, "Do you want me to suck
your cock, mister?"  He nodded, and Mark told him to follow us.

God, I felt wicked as I walked naked up the path to the men's toilet.  I
knew that the guy in the other car had to be watching, and it made me even
hotter. When we got to the stall, I walked in and sat down on the toilet.
Mark handed the guy a condom and told him that if he didn't wear it, he
wouldn't get anything from me.  Then Mark walked out of sight and the guy
approached me.  I reached for his zipper, and pulled it down as he undid
his belt.  His pants dropped to the ground and I pulled down his boxer
shorts to reveal a nice, hard cock.  I told him to put the condom on so
that I could get started.  He excitedly rolled it onto his cock, and then I
told him, "fuck my mouth, baby." It felt wonderful to finally have his cock
in my mouth!  He held my head with his hands as his hips moved back and
forth, his cock sliding in and out of my mouth.  I heard a car door close
and, shortly thereafter, I heard Mark asking someone if they were there for
Bobbi.  A voice replied that he was, and Mark told him that I was busy, but
would take care of him in a minute.

It was wild, listening to Mark and this man talking just outside the stall,
as I sucked some stranger's hard cock into my mouth.  I started talking to
the guy who was feeding me his cock, telling him how good his cock felt in
my mouth.   I wanted Mark to hear me sucking this guys cock, so I started
to make loud sucking and slurping sounds as his cock moved back and forth
between my lips.  Apparently, it was too much for the guy who was fucking
my face.  He grabbed my hair and shoved his cock in as far as he could, and
started grunting.  I wanted to feel him deep inside me, so I leaned forward
and tilted my head back, to allow his cock to slide down my throat.  I
gagged a little as his hard dick started down my throat, but I reached
forward and pulled his ass towards me anyway.  I wanted him to bury his
cock all the way down my throat as he came!  Mark must have heard the
gagging noises I made, because he was right there, checking to make sure
that I was okay.  I looked up at him, my lips formed around the base of the
cock in my mouth. Then, still looking at Mark, I slowly moved back as the
full length of that cock emerged from my throat.  Then I leaned forward
again and took it all the way back down my throat.  I could feel his cock
throb as he came down my throat, and God, did it feel good!  When the first
guy was done cumming , he pulled his dick out of my mouth and zipped up and
left.  Mark was just staring at me, not saying anything.  And all I said
was, "who's next?"

The way Mark was looking at me made me feel extremely slutty (a feeling
I've come to love).  I really wanted to shock him, so I asked if there
might not be a better place to do this.  I told him that it would make me
really hot if I knew that I was being watched as I fucked these guys.  Mark
agreed that that would indeed be hot, and he started to look around for a
more open spot for my activities.  He told me to follow him, and he headed
to a picnic table near the bathroom.  The light was a little brighter
outside, but it was still pretty dark.  He told me to lie down on my back
on top of the table, then he said he had to get something out of the car.
The way I was situated, I could lift up my head and see practically the
whole parking lot.  I noticed that there were only two cars there, Mark's
and one of the two that were there when we arrived.  I was kind-of in the
shadows, so I was pretty sure that people driving by couldn't see me, but I
was also pretty sure that if someone was sitting there, it wouldn't be too
hard for them to find me.  I doubted if they would be able to make out many
details, but still, they'd be able to tell what I was doing.  I was getting
really horny thinking of a line of guys, sitting in their cars, watching me
get fucked repeatedly.  I was glad when Mark started walking towards me.

As he approached, I saw that he had a length of rope in his hands, and I
wondered what that was for.  When he was standing next to me, I asked Mark
what he had planned.  He told me that he realized that I could handle well
more than one guy every half hour, and that he wanted to go tell some more
men about me.  He said that the rope was to make sure I didn't get cold
feet and try to leave while he was gone.  I assured him that I wouldn't go
anywhere, and that I wanted him to get more men for me, but he really was
intent on tying me up.  As I started to protest, he took my hands,  pulled
them over my head, and began to tie them to the table.  As I thought about
being tied to the table, unable to move, I got even hornier!  I pictured
myself lying there helpless, with one man after another climbing up between
my legs to fill my pussy with his cock.  So, I didn't struggle, and I even
suggested that he leave enough slack so that I could hang my head back off
the table, in case anyone wanted to feed their cock down my throat.

Once I was tied securely, Mark started to walk away.  He said that he'd be
back as soon as he could, then he walked off and said something to the guy
who had been waiting for his turn with me.  As he got into his car and
drove away, the other guy walked towards me.  When he was standing beside
me, he undid his pants and stroked his cock. I asked him if he was going to
fuck me.  He said that he was, and I asked him if he would please wear a
rubber.  Well, he did put one on, then he climbed on top of me and slid his
cock into my pussy.  It was wild!!  I couldn't wrap my legs around him, or
even put my arms around him.  I asked him what Mark had told him about me,
as he moved his cock in and out.  He said that Mark had told him that I was
being punished for not doing as I was told as often as I should.
Apparently, he'd told this guy that I was being taught a lesson.  I decided
to play along.  I asked him to be gentle with me, and asked if he would
untie me when he was done with me.  He told me that he'd like to, but that
then I wouldn't learn my lesson.  I really got into it!  I played the role
of the reluctant lover, but after a while it just felt to good to hold
back.  I pleaded with this guy to fuck me hard, to really slam his cock
into me!  I made a lot of noise, too.  When he came, I begged him not to
take is cock out, but he did anyway.  As he climbed off of me, I noticed
that there was another car in the parking lot.  I begged my current lover
not to tell anyone about my being there, but he told me that I had to learn
my lesson.  I watched another car pull in as he walked away, then I saw him
go up to both cars and saw him point towards me.  I knew I'd soon have at
least one cock in me in a very short time, and I couldn't wait.

I watched as the two guys walked up the path to where I was restrained.  I
asked them if they were there as part of my punishment, and they just
kind-of looked at me.  I told them that my boyfriend had tied me up and
just left me there.  I told them that he had said something about telling a
lot of guys where they could find an easy lay, and I asked if they were
there to fuck me. They still didn't say anything, so I asked them if they'd
each take a condom off of the table and put them on before they put their
cocks in me.  Still they didn't move or say anything!  I thought they were
going to leave!  To put them at ease, I told them that even if my boyfriend
hadn't tied me up there, I would have stayed anyway.  Then I started
telling them how much I loved being fucked by two guys at once.  Then I
begged them to fuck me!  I can talk really dirty when I want to, and I did
for them.  I licked my lips and asked if someone would please fuck my
mouth.  As one guy finally took out his cock and put his condom on, I moved
up so that my head hung over the edge of the table. He didn't need any more
coaxing as he stepped up and slid his dick down my throat.  As he fucked my
mouth, I felt the other guy crawl up on top of me.  I almost came as I felt
his rather big cock slide into my really wet pussy.  I did cum after about
30 seconds of his big cock plunging in and out of me.

I was vaguely aware of hearing more cars pulling in to the Rest Area as
those two guys fucked me, but I was just too busy to pay much attention to
them. They fucked me for about fifteen minutes before the guy in my mouth
came. When he pulled his cock out, I lifted my head to see how many cars
had pulled in.  I could see two cars, but the guy on top of me blocked a
good portion of my view.  He fucked me for about another five minutes, then
he arched his back and came deep inside of me.  As he climbed off of me and
started to move away, I thanked him.  With him out of the way, I could see
that there were six cars in the lot.  Two guys were walking toward us, the
guy I'd just sucked off was getting into his car, which left two cars and
probably two more guys (not counting the guy who had just pulled his cock
from my pussy.

The two new guys must have been watching, because they knew exactly what to
do.  I did have to ask them to put on condoms, but they were quite
cooperative.  It had been less than a minute since the last guy had pulled
out of me, and now I had another cock in my pussy.  Then I motioned for the
other guy to feed me his cock.  I remember thinking what a great night it
had turned out to be as he fed his erect cock down my throat.  As these two
guys fucked me, I was aware of someone standing nearby.  When I was able to
look, I discovered that it was Mark.  He asked me how I was doing and I
replied, between sucks, that I was doing great!  He told me that he had
driven to a truck stop, and had posted a note in the bathroom.  I thanked
him, and then I got back to taking care of the guys who were filling me
with their cocks.

Well, things went pretty much like that until 3:00 A.M.  I didn't know how
many guys I fucked and sucked, but it was a lot!!  Nobody tried to hurt me,
and everyone was really good about using a condom.  I really would have
rather been filled with their cum, but I guess it's just not safe.  Anyway,
I had a wicked time!  I felt like such a slut, for the whole night!  I
couldn't wait to get back to Tom, and tell him all about it!  On the way
back to Mark's house, I sucked his cock.  He had to pull off the road when
he came, but I was able to swallow all of it.  While I was sucking him, he
kept telling me how hot he'd gotten, watching me fuck one pair of guys
after another.  He said that he hoped that Mary would do the same thing
someday.

Pretty wild, huh!  It turns out that Tom and Mary had had a pretty fun
night, too.  When Mark and I arrived at their house, we all went to bed
together.  It was great fun!  I got to watch Tom and Mark fuck Mary the way
I'd taken all of those guys in the Rest Area.  It was really hot and I
managed to get in on it by licking Mary's clit as Tom fucked her from
behind.  Tom and I ended up spending the rest of the night there, and
everyone was pretty tired in the morning.

Oh yea, Mark counted the condoms he had left in the morning, and we figure
I must have taken on twenty-three guys!!!  I don't know how I can ever top
that, but I bet I will someday!

So, what do you think of me?  I hope that you think that I'm sexy, because
that gets me hot.  I love to think of men everywhere, reading my letters
and stroking their cocks.  I hope that you picture my blond hair and blue
eyes just inches from your cock as you get ready to shoot your sperm into
my open, waiting mouth.  Or maybe you picture me bent over the back of a
kitchen chair, pulling my cheeks apart, offering you my tight asshole and
licking my lips. Or do you picture me lying on a picnic table, my hands and
feet tied to the corners, as I lift my pussy and beg for you to impale me
on your big, hard cock?!  Why don't you write me and tell me how you
picture me?  Send your mail (with a clean subject) to
na598218@anon.penet.fi.  I'll try to answer you, but I can't guarantee it.

Love, Bobbi Subject: Repost: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 13 (exhib, slut) Date:
Thu, 8 Aug 1996 12:59:57 UTC From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue)
Reply-To: an598218@anon.penet.fi Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Thursday, June 27

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  Sorry I haven't written for so long, but I've been quite busy
at work.  For those of you who don't know me, I am 5'1" tall and weigh 105
lbs. I have shoulder length blond hair and blue eyes, and I like to stay in
shape. I run and roller-blade in the summer, and I cross country ski in the
winter. All of this activity serves to keep my 34A-22-34 body nice and
tight.  Guys really seem to love my ass, and I enjoy bending over to show
it to them.  I have become a real exhibitionist over the last few months,
but I'm not a tease.  I usually end up having sex with the guys that I
flash, and sometimes it gets really wild.  I have taken on a couple groups
of guys, which was really hot!  I love the feeling of having one cock in my
mouth and another in my pussy, and could have sex like that all night!

I especially love to show off my body outside.  One of my favorite ways of
doing this is by running with very little on.  There are some trails near
where I work, and I often go for a run at noon.  Once on the trail, I strip
off as much of my outfit as I feel like.  I always stash my clothes,
because it makes me hot knowing that I can't cover up if I see someone.
And I do see people.  I remember the first time I ran topless.  I ran into
a guy on a mountain bike (almost literally).  I ended up masturbating for
him as he jacked off on me!  God, was that hot!!

I did have some fun earlier this week, and I thought I'd share it with you.
I don't mean to disappoint anyone, but my experience this week wasn't as
wild as my last outing (the one in the rest area).  Still, I really enjoyed
it! I had to travel to Detroit, MI for business on Monday, and I flew back
home yesterday.  I wrapped up my work a little ahead of schedule on
Tuesday, but I was unable to get a seat on a flight home Tuesday night.  My
meetings went really well, so I decided to enjoy myself, and relax a
little.

The hotel I was staying at had an outdoor pool and hot tub, and I decided
to lounge by the pool for a while before getting something to eat for
supper. It was a nice warm day, just perfect for lounging by the pool, so I
put on my bikini and left my room.  I have to describe the layout of the
hotel to you; It was L-shaped, and the pool and hot tub were nestled in the
corner on the inside of the L.  There were three stories, and most of the
rooms on the pool side of the hotel had a view of the pool.  As I walked
down the stairs towards the pool, I started wondering who else might be
around.  It was only about 4:00 P.M., a little early for most business
travelers to be back at their rooms.  I picked a chaise lounge and arranged
it so that I would be facing the hotel.  Then I lay back in the lounge
chair to enjoy the warm rays of the afternoon sun.  I was wearing
sunglasses, so I was able to glance around without anyone knowing where I
was looking.

As I checked out the windows in the rooms, I started thinking about who
might be watching me.  It made me hot to think someone might be watching.
I imagined that there could be several guys, standing back from their
windows stroking their hard cocks, as they gazed at my firm, tan body.  I
was wearing a white bikini, one of two that I own, and it is the sexier of
the two.  The top was fairly small, but covered my small breasts completely
(although you could see the impression my erect nipples made in the
material). The bottoms were also fairly brief (but by no means a thong),
and I had them pulled up high in order to draw the material tight against
my pussy.  As I relaxed and watched for movement in the windows, I spread
my legs apart a little, just in case someone were looking.  As I lay there,
I couldn't help wishing that my suit were more revealing; and then I got an
idea!  I have a favorite pair of running shorts.  They're my favorite pair
because I've cut the liner out of them to make them very revealing.  So I
thought, "Why don't I do the same for my bikini?"

I grabbed my things and headed for my room.  I always carry a small pair of
nail scissors with me on my trips, and I knew that I could use them to make
my white suit much more revealing.  Once in my room, I took my suit off and
got to work.  My pussy was getting wet as I sat there naked on the bed,
cutting the liner from my bikini bottoms.  When I was finished with the
bottoms, I went to work on the top.  When I was done, I put my suit back on
and looked at myself in the mirror.  I could easily see my nipples
protruding through the now flimsy fabric.  I pulled my bottoms up until I
could see the outline of my pussy lips (I keep my pussy shaved), then I
picked up my bottle of pop and a towel, and headed back to the pool.

This time when I settled into my chaise lounge, I felt really indecent.  My
long nipples were standing at attention, and as I lay on the chair with my
legs spread, I knew that anyone who looked my way would be able to make out
the impression of my pussy through my thin suit.  Once again, I looked from
room to room, trying to make out who was inside them.  After I lay there
for about fifteen minutes, I was really getting warm.  I decided to dive
into the pool to cool off, knowing that the water would act to make my suit
even more transparent.  I dove in and the cool water was very refreshing.
I floated on my back for a bit and as I looked down at my nipples, I could
see them pretty clearly.  I was hoping that men all over the hotel were
looking at them, too.

When I was cooled off, I climbed from the pool and walked sexily to my
lounge chair.  I lay on my back with my legs spread and waited for somebody
to come out of their room.  I was sure that the show I was putting on would
attract somebody, but I was mistaken.  Maybe there wasn't anyone watching.
Or maybe I needed to do something a little more outrageous!  So, I started
to suck on my pop bottle when ever I took a drink.  Surely someone would
get the idea! Still no one came to see me.  It was sooo frustrating!  Here
I was giving what I thought was this great show, and it appeared that no
one even noticed!

I was really getting excited and frustrated, and I wished that I could
masturbate.  But that would be going too far.  Or would it?  I decided to
take my pop bottle with me into the pool.  I walked around to the side of
the pool nearest the hotel and set my pop on the edge, and then I dove in.
After I swam a little, I moved up close to the side of the pool.  I stood
up and the water came up to my navel.  I thought about going in deeper, but
I wanted to keep my breasts above the side of the pool.  If anyone was
watching, I wanted them to be able to see them.  I nonchalantly drained the
last of my pop, and then I slipped the bottle under water.  It was one of
those little six ounce coke bottles, just the right size for what I had
planned.  I knew exactly what I was going to do.  My pussy was so hot and
wet, I didn't doubt that I'd be able to slide the bottle inside of me.  As
I stood facing the hotel, I pulled down my bikini bottoms with one hand,
and with the other hand I slid the neck of my pop bottle inside my aching
pussy.  I was a little nervous as I gently worked the neck of the bottle
further into my pussy.  I knew that if I got it in past the first bulge it
would stay in place by itself.  Because of my position by the side of the
pool, I knew that no one in the rooms in front of me could see what I was
doing, although they might be able to guess from my actions.  However,
there were rooms on the other wing where someone might be able to see
exactly what I was doing, but they were further away and my actions were
probably hidden by the water.  But it made me hot to think they might be
watching me fuck myself with a pop bottle!

After the neck of the bottle was in my pussy I only needed one hand, so I
rested my other arm on the side of the pool.  I made sure to stand up
straight so that my breasts were still visible to anyone watching.  Then as
I was working more and more of the bottle inside of me, three guys walked
out of the lobby door and headed for the pool.  They all had on swim suits
and I knew I was about to have company.  I was really torn about what to
do!  I almost had the bottle in past the first bulge, and it felt really
good.  I knew that I should pull it out and let it sink to the bottom, but
it just felt too good. The guys were still about 30 feet away as I made one
last hard push.  The bottle slid in and my pussy closed around it  below
that first bulge.  As I lifted my arm and rested it on the side of the
pool, the bottle stayed firmly in place, with my pussy lips pulled tight
around it.

The guys walked right up to me and asked how the water was.  I told them
that it felt good, and they put down their towels and jumped in right next
to me. They introduced themselves, and then the most talkative guy, Ron,
asked what had happened to my pop.  I asked him what he was talking about
and he said that they had been watching me, and that just before they came
down, they saw me submerge my pop bottle.  Just then, one of the other two,
Jim, reached down and twisted the bottle in my pussy!  I guess I let out a
moan as Jim said, "I think I've solved the mystery!"  God, was I hot!!
There I was with a pop bottle buried in my pussy, in a public pool with
three guys!  I wished that I could fuck them all right there, all at the
same time, but I thought that that might get us all arrested.

I told Jim to keep up what he was doing cause it felt really good.  Then I
told them that it certainly took them a long time to come down to the pool,
but I was really glad that they had!  I went on about how horny I was, and
asked if they were horny, too.  Well, it turned out that everyone was very
horny, and I told them, "Good, because I'm going to need you to fuck me."
Ron said that he'd be happy to, and as he moved behind me, I could feel his
hard cock pressing up against my ass; and it felt BIG!  I knew I should
tell him not to do anything yet, I mean we were in a pool at a motel!  But,
it felt really good!  The next thing I knew, he had the head of his cock
pressed against my asshole!  I wanted it bad, but I wasn't ready!  Luckily
(I guess), just then a group of people came from the lobby and headed for
the pool.  Ron moved away, and Jim said we should go to their room.  I said
that I'd go with them, but I asked if we could go to my room instead.  I
started to reach for the bottle, to pull it out, but Ron grabbed my arm.
He said to leave it in, then he had the other guy, Phil, go get my towel.
Phil handed me the towel and Ron told me to wrap it around my waist.  Well,
I did it as Ron took my hand and we walked toward the shallow end of the
pool.  It was hard to walk with the bottle in me, but I managed.  The group
who had just come down to the pool looked at me funny as I walked up the
steps in the shallow end.  Either they knew I had something in my pussy, or
they thought I was handicapped, because I sure was walking funny.  The guys
in the group stared at my tits which were easy to see through my wet, thin
top, and I smiled back at them as I walked by.

Aside from my funny walk, the bottle was having another effect on me.  With
every step I took, the coke bottle moved to one side or the other, kind of
stirring around in my pussy.  It felt so good that it made me weak.  I
couldn't wait to get to the room.  It was a ways away, and on the second
floor, but eventually we got there.  As soon as we entered the room, I took
off my towel and peeled off my bikini bottoms.  I had to bend over to get
them off, and I made sure to give the guys a real good view of the coke
bottle crammed in my pussy.  Ron took my arm and led me to the bed, and
told me to get on my hands and knees.  He said that he knew I wanted it in
my ass, and that he was going to give it to me.  I wanted it bad, but I
wanted to be able to watch, too.  I told Ron that it would be better if he
would fuck me on the desk.  He said okay, and cleared everything off the
desk.  Then he laid a towel down.  I climbed on and lay on my back and
pulled my knees up and out to give him easy access to my ass.  After I'd
positioned myself on the desk, he got between my legs and began to lick my
asshole.  He twisted the coke bottle as he drove his tongue up my ass, and
I came.  It was wild!  Jim came up and stood beside my head with his cock
jutting out towards my face.  I swallowed his cock just as I felt the head
of Ron's cock pressing against my tight asshole.

I love getting fucked in my ass, and usually it isn't a problem, but with
the coke bottle in my pussy, my asshole was really tight.  Ron kept
applying pressure, but nothing was happening!  Ron's cock was just too
big!!  I told Ron to get the K-Y jelly out of my bag in the bathroom.  He
did, and soon he was pressing the slippery head of his gigantic cock
against my asshole again. Only this time, he had better luck.  The head of
his cock slowly slid forward.

It stretched my asshole to the limit as it moved slowly forward.  He kept
up the constant, gentle pressure as he inched forward.  I have honestly
never been stretched so tight!  the head of his cock must have been the
size of a coke can.  It hurt, but I knew I wanted him in me.  If I hadn't
had the bottle in my pussy, I know I could have taken him more easily, but
I was determined to accommodate both the bottle in my pussy and his huge
cock in my ass!  I cried out for him to push harder, and then I felt him
move forward as the head popped in, and he drove forward as my asshole
clamped tightly around the shaft.  Then Ron started to fuck my ass!  I
can't begin to describe how it felt.  My skin hurt from being stretched so
tight, but I felt this deep satisfaction from being stuffed so full.  Each
time Ron drove forward, he would hit the bottom of the coke bottle, pushing
it deeper into my pussy as the base rubbed against my clit.  I was in
heaven!!!  I hungrily sucked Jim's cock down my throat as Ron kept up his
assault on my asshole.  He fucked me like this for what seemed like
forever!  I lost track of how many times I came, but I know it was a lot!

Finally, Ron had his enormous tool all the way in.  With each stroke he
would pull it almost all the way out, before shoving it back in to the
hilt.  The coke bottle never went all of the way in, but I know it must
have come close. Jim was the first to cum, and he filled my mouth with his
cum, and I tried to swallow it all.  After he withdrew his cock from my
mouth, Ron really began to fuck me hard!  He kept it up for another minute,
then he shouted that he was cumming.  He held my waist tightly as he buried
his huge cock in my ass and let loose.  He held me still while he came deep
in my ass; I could feel his cock throb as he pumped his cum inside of me,
and God, did I feel nasty!!! When Ron pulled his cock out of me I felt so
empty.  Thankfully, at my pleading, Phil was ready to fill me right back up
with his cock.  It wasn't as big as Ron's, but it felt good as he pushed it
into my waiting asshole.

I ended up being fucked by all three guys in my ass.  I'll never forget how
incredibly good it felt as they slammed forward, driving the coke bottle
deeper into my pussy every time their cocks plunged into my ass!!  I really
enjoyed having them, and I know that they enjoyed having me.  Before they
left, Jim invited me to dinner.  I was pretty hungry, and it isn't any fun
to eat by yourself, so I said I'd love to go with them.  We agreed to meet
back at my room in half an hour.

After they left, I showered and got dressed for dinner.  I put on a short
summer dress, but purposely left my underwear in the drawer.  It felt
really good to stand there in just my dress, and I knew that it would feel
even better once we were out in public.

The guys came by to get me as we'd arranged, and I gave everyone a big kiss
as I pressed my body against them.  As we rode to the restaurant, I sat in
the back with Phil, and I treated him to a show of my pussy.  I even pulled
my dress off for a couple of minutes while I leaned over and took Phil's
cock in my mouth.  I sucked his hard cock until he spurted his cum into my
mouth, and then I put my dress back on.  Ron told me that several people in
passing cars had gotten a glimpse of what I'd just done, and I told him
that I hoped they would jack off later thinking about it.  Just about then
we arrived at the restaurant.

It was one of the local strip clubs, and I got my share of looks as we
walked in and the hostess showed us to our table.  As we drank and ate, we
watched as different girls performed on the stage.  Then after they did
their routine, they would come into the audience and give private dances
(called table dances) to anyone who paid them.  I asked the guys who their
favorites were, and if they were going to have them do table dances for
them.  Jim said that he would like to see one particular brunette a little
closer, and that as soon as he finished his dinner, he was going to call
her over.  He did, too.

Her name was Jody, and she was really gorgeous.  She had the darkest
all-over tan I'd ever seen, and her figure was perfect.  She had large firm
breasts and a tiny waist, and a beautiful behind, and she moved so
sensuously.  Watching her dance just inches from Jim (whom I was sitting
next to), I couldn't understand how he could keep from reaching out and
caressing her beautiful body.  I'm afraid I was staring at her as she
danced for Jim.  She looked over at me and winked, and I asked if she'd
give me a table dance.  Ron gave me the $10, and at the start of the next
song, Jody moved over in front of me.  She told me to spread my legs and
then she moved up between them and started to do her sensuous dance.  She
held her lovely breast just in front of my mouth and I asked her if I could
just lick one.  She said that she was sorry, but that was against the
rules.  God it was hot, watching her play with her breasts, almost touching
me with her perfect body as she danced for me!!  Then she put her hands on
my knees and kneeled between my legs.  She moved sexily as she came so
close to rubbing her breasts against my pussy.  I couldn't help myself as I
inched the hem of my dress up my legs.  She sat back on her heels and put
her hands on the inside of my thighs, and then she saw that I wasn't
wearing any panties.  She gave me a mischievous smile as she moved her
nipple towards my pussy.  Then just as I thought she might touch me, the
song ended and she stood up.

I thanked her and told her that she was an excellent dancer.  Jody had to
go, but I made her promise to come back for another dance.  God, was I
hot!!!  I hadn't noticed during Jody's dance, but we were the center of
attention.  As I looked around, I noticed that just about every guy in the
place was looking at me!  I smiled and apologized to my three escorts for
ignoring them.  They all told me that they hadn't minded, and had really
enjoyed watching Jody dance for me.  I told them that I'd really enjoyed
it, too!

Just then there was a little commotion, and a guy was being pulled by his
arms to the stage by two of the dancers.  The announcer told us that it was
his Birthday, and that he was getting the traditional club Birthday
celebration. And instead of having everybody sing Happy Birthday to him,
all of the dancers gathered around him.  They undressed him, down to his
pants, and tied him to a chair on stage, and then they gave him one big
table dance with all of the girls.  It lasted for two songs, and then they
let the guy go.  It was pretty wild, and I mentioned to Ron that I wished
it were my Birthday.  He said that maybe it could be, and then he left to
talk to one of the girls.  While he was talking to her, Jody came and
joined them.  I saw her look my way, and then she turned and walked away.
I was distracted by a really pretty girl on the stage, and when I looked
back towards Ron, he was walking back to the table. When he got there he
told me he had something for me.  Then he sat down and handed me a tiny
silver G-string.  He told me that for the rest of the night it was my
Birthday, but that in order to go up on stage, I had to put the g-string
on.  Well, I excused myself and walked to the bathroom.  Once inside, I put
on the g-string, and then I hurried back to our table.  I saw Ron nod to
the announcer, and as the song that was playing ended, he announced that
there was another birthday.

I saw Jody and one other girl walking towards me, and I hoped they were
coming for me.  I offered no resistance as they each took a hand and led me
to the stage.  All of the guys in the club were whistling and cheering as
we walked onto the stage and were joined by the other dancers.  My mouth
was dry, and my pussy was wet, as they sat me down in the chair and tied my
hands behind me. The girls were undulating their beautiful naked bodies
(except for g-strings) all around me!  I could hardly stand it!  Then Jody
stepped forward and took the hem of my dress and moved it up.  She enlisted
the other girls to help her as they raised my ass of my chair and pulled my
dress up higher and higher. They pulled it up past my navel and then over
my breasts, and finally over my head.  They couldn't get it all the way off
because of my tied hands, but they had managed to bare my entire body to
the audience of horny men.  Jody pushed my legs apart and got down on her
knees in front of my pussy.  She looked up at me as she pulled the g-string
until the material was wedged between my pussy lips.  Then she moved away,
so that the audience could see my naked body.  God, I was hot!!!!!!!!  I
wished those guys had lined up and fucked my mouth, but that couldn't
happen there.  I did enjoy all of the attention though, and was sad when
the song ended and the girls untied me.  I got an incredible amount of
applause, especially when I turned my back on the audience and bent froward
to pick up my dress.  I also got a lot of applause after I'd put my dress
on and then peeled off the g-string and handed it to Jody.  Then I went
back to join my escorts.

Ron had already paid our tab, and the guys led me out of the club.  I
protested that I didn't want to go yet; I guess I wanted to see if I could
get some of those guys inside (or girls) to join us at the hotel.  Anyway,
I left with Jim, Phil and Ron.  I sucked Jim off on the way back to the
hotel, letting his cum drip out of my mouth and spill over onto my face.
Once back at the hotel, Jim, Ron and Phil fucked me repeatedly.  I got to
take Ron's huge cock in my pussy once, and once in my ass.  We fucked all
night long, and I was still ready for more in the morning.  I was still
horny, but tired as I boarded the plane for the flight back home.  I slept
a little on the plane, and went directly home from the airport.  I should
have gone to work, but I just couldn't face it.

As I pulled in my driveway, I noticed that my neighbor was home.  I have
sucked him off before, and I thought that he might be able to help me right
now.  I walked over and knocked on his door.  When he opened it, I asked if
I could come in.  As I stepped inside, I saw that he had a friend over, and
that they were watching tennis on TV.  I told them that they were pretty
pathetic, watching TV when there was so much else to do.  When they asked
what there was to do, I stood in front of them and stripped off my clothes.
Then I said, "you could fuck me."  They each fucked me twice, one after the
other, and it was pretty good.  After they were finished with me, I put my
clothes on and went home to wait for Tom (my husband) to tell him what a
naughty girl I'd been.

So you see, I've been busy.  I really enjoyed fucking my neighbor and his
friend.  I love all of the sex that I have, but there is just something so
nasty about having the guy who's just filled you full of cum, move aside
for the next guy.  That's what it was like Tuesday night with Jim, Ron and
Phil, too.  Oh yea, I took Tom in my ass as I told him about Ron's big dick
stretching me to the limit.  He loved it!  I'm so lucky to have such an
understanding husband.

I don't have any plans for this weekend, but I imagine I'll do something
nasty.  And you can be sure that I'll tell you about it.  Until then.

Love, Bobbi

P.S.  I'm always looking for ideas.  If you have a really nasty one, drop
me a line at an598218@anon.penet.fi.  Be sure to include your name and
email address.  I can't reply to all of the mail, it's just too time
consuming, but if you catch my interest, I'll be sure to make time to write
back.  Just a reminder, keep the subject line clean, okay?  Thanks.
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Repost: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 14 (exhib, slut) Date: Thu, 8 Aug 1996
12:57:27 UTC From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue) Reply-To:
an598218@anon.penet.fi Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

**********************Warning**********************************************
* A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer to my
letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting
my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't
eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic
material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman
having sex with several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.
Okay?

Friday, July 12

Hi Everybody

It's Bobbi.  Sorry I haven't written for so long, but I've been really busy
at work again.  For those of you who don't know me, I am 5'1" tall and
weigh 105 lbs.  I have shoulder length blond hair and blue eyes, and I like
to stay in shape.  I run and roller-blade in the summer, and I cross
country ski in the winter.  All of this activity serves to keep my
34A-22-34 body nice and tight.

Guys really seem to love my ass, and I enjoy bending over to show it to
them. I have become a real exhibitionist over the last few months, but I'm
not a tease.  I usually end up having sex with the guys that I flash, and
sometimes it gets really wild.  I have taken on a couple groups of guys,
which was really hot!  I love the feeling of having one cock in my mouth
and another in my pussy, and could have sex like that all night!

Just because I haven't written since June, doesn't mean that I haven't been
busy.  Let's see, since my last letter I've fucked my coworker Bob twice
(the second time we were joined by another guy.  We were fucking outside on
a trail I run on, and this guy came walking by while Bob had me on my hands
and knees with his cock buried in my pussy.  It would have been rude not to
ask him to feed me his cock!).  I've dropped in on my neighbor a couple of
times, and I went back to the Frat house.  I met Gary (one of the guys from
the fraternity house) at the health club where we both work out.  He
offered to take me home with him and I took him up on it.  While I was
there, I fucked Gary and two of his friends, and it was great!  I was
hoping the guy with the ten-inch cock was going to be there, but he wasn't.
I did make Gary promise to arrange another party for me when school started
in the fall.  The last party I went to there, I ended up fucking sixteen
guys!  And that was during the summer!  I get wet just thinking about how
many college guys I'll get to fuck at this upcoming party; I wish it was
sooner!  I also made Gary promise to call me when his big-dicked friend
could fuck me.  I still remember how good that fat ten-inch cock felt in my
ass!

What I really wanted to tell you about was the camping trip that Tom and I
went on over the Fourth of July.  We travelled south to a state park that
has this really great sandy beach.  It is also the closest place that
allows thong swimsuits!  We left town after work on July 3rd and drove half
way there that evening.  We stayed in a motel overnight and left early in
the morning for our destination.  It was still a four hour drive, and we
wanted to get there early enough to get checked in and set up, and still
have most of the day to play in the sun.

Well, we got everything taken care of.  We found a great campsite, with
lots of shade trees around, and we set up our tent.  Then we went inside
the tent to change into our swimsuit.  I had ordered a white thong bikini
from a mail order shop and I was dying to try it out on the beach.  Of
course I'd already tried it on, but I had never worn it in public!  It was
hot already at 11:00 am, and I talked Tom into leaving the tent flap open
while we changed.  I made sure to stand right by the door as I undressed.
All that stood between the outside and me was the bug screen, and I hoped
that someone would walk by and look in.  When we put up our tent, I made
sure that it would be visible from the road!  Well, no one walked by as I
changed into my suit, but I was sure that I'd have plenty of other
opportunities to show off on this vacation.

When we had our suits on, we packed a small bag with lotion, towels, books
and snacks.  Then we picked up our cooler and the bag and headed for the
beach.  I loved being able to show off my ass as we walked through the
campground!  I got lots of looks from everybody!  All of the men (and most
of the boys) stared at me, and most of the women gave me dirty looks.  I
did notice that the attractive women didn't seem to care, and none of them
gave me dirty looks.  There were even two other women in the campground
wearing tiny bikinis as they moved around their campsites, and they smiled
at me.  It was like we were part of some secret society or something.
Anyway, it was pretty neat.

It wasn't a long walk to the beach, only about five minutes.  You should
have seen all of the people!  Even at 11:00 am it was pretty crowded.
Well, it was the Fourth of July, so I guess I should have expected it.  We
found a spot by one of the many volleyball nets, and we laid out our
blanket and got comfortable.  I purposely picked a spot that had a large
concentration of guys around, so that I could show off a little.  I made
sure to bend over a lot as we arranged our stuff, and when I laid down on
my stomach on the blanket, I made sure to spread my legs a little.  I
wanted to make sure that the guys walking by would be able to see the
outline of my pussy in my tiny white suit. My tiny top was fastened in the
back with only one strap (kind of a bandeau top with a catch), and I undid
it and let it fall to my sides.  Then I got up on my elbows to read my
book.  My arms hid my small breast from the sides, but I was sure that my
nipples were visible from the front.

It was impossible for me to read my book.  Guys kept walking by in front of
me, gazing at my breasts, and Tom told me that I was attracting a lot of
attention from guys looking at my ass and pussy, too.  I was just getting
so horny, and it wasn't even noon yet!  Tom suggested that we go for a swim
to cool me off, so I fastened my top and we got up to go down to the water.
I left my sunglasses on the blanket, and I was getting off on smiling at
all of the guys who were checking me out.

The water felt great, and it made my nipples more visible.  When we left
the water, I got even more looks as we walked back to our blanket.  I
couldn't stand it!  My nipples were hard (and they are quite long, 3/4"),
my pussy ached, and I had to get some relief!  I saw all kinds of
attractive guys that I would have loved to have, right there, right then,
but I restrained myself. I told Tom that I needed to go back to the tent to
get a different book.  He said that he'd go with me, but I told him it
would be better if he would stay and save our place on the beach.
Actually, I wanted to fuck one of those good-looking guys.  I left Tom on
the beach and I threaded my way toward the road to the campground.

When I got close to the road, the people were spread out a little more on
the beach.  Then I saw what I was looking for.  There were two handsome
guys in beach chairs, watching me as I made my way up to them.  I walked up
to them, kneeled at their feet, and said, "Could you guys do something for
me?  I've got a tent about five minutes from here, and I'd really love it
if you'd follow me there and fuck me.  How about it?"  Then I stood up and
motioned for them to follow me.  Well, after they got over their shock,
they both jumped up and joined me as I walked off towards our tent.

We didn't talk much, just introduced ourselves.  I guess we were all in a
hurry to get to the tent, and I wasn't really interested in conversation.
When we got there, I told them both to follow me as I unzipped the door and
stepped inside.  After we were all inside, I zipped up the bug screen and
undid my top.  The tent wasn't big enough to stand up in, so we all sat
down. I told them to strip, and they took their shorts off.  I took turns
sucking on them until both of their cocks were hard, then I took off my
thong and offered my pussy to the guy with the smaller cock, and continued
to suck on his friends dick.  I almost came as the guy slid his cock into
my hot pussy!  It felt sooooooooo good to finally have a cock inside me!!!
I did cum after he fucked me for a couple of minutes.

I told him I wanted him to cum in my mouth, but really, I wanted his friend
to fuck me!  They traded places and I gobbled up the cock in front of me as
I waited for his friend to fuck me.  I didn't have to wait long as I felt
his thick meat slide between my pussy lips.  I guess he was about eight
inches and kind-of fat, and it felt heavenly as he pushed into me.  He was
good, too.  He moved in and out, and kind-of swirled his cock around inside
me as he did it. I would have been screaming if I hadn't had his friend's
cock in my mouth.  I slammed back into him as he fucked me, so that I could
get every bit of his cock inside me.  The guy in my mouth started moaning
and then he started shooting his cum down my throat.  I looked him in the
eyes as I swallowed it all.  Then his friend said he was going to cum, too.
I told him that I wanted to taste it, and as he pulled out, I scrambled
around and took him in my mouth.  As I moaned and looked up at him, he
filled my waiting mouth with his hot cream.  While he was filling me up, I
furiously rubbed my clit bringing myself to another orgasm.

We rested for a couple of minutes, and then we got dressed and I grabbed a
book to take back to the beach.  The whole thing had only taken about ten
minutes, which was cool because I didn't want to tell Tom.  I mean, how do
you tell your husband that you wanted to fuck, but you didn't want to fuck
him? Anyway, when the three of us left the tent, the couple camped next to
us really looked us over.  I suppose they knew what we'd done, I mean,
tents aren't exactly sound proof, and they were only about 30 feet away.  I
just smiled and waved, like a good neighbor.  They both waved back, but I
knew they were really shocked by what we'd done.  Oh well, wait till they
see me come back with Tom!

When we got back to the beach, I left my new friends and went on to where
Tom was.  He asked me if everything was okay, and I told him that I'd been
so horny I'd taken a couple of minutes to masturbate back at the tent, but
that I was okay now.  I told him how hot my new swimsuit was making me, and
how much I enjoyed showing off for all of the guys on the beach.  Tom
suggested that if I wanted to show off for all of the guys, we should go
for a walk down the beach.  Well, that sounded pretty good to me, and we
got up and headed down the beach.

I decided not to wear my sunglasses.  I wanted the guys to know that I knew
they were looking at me, and that I liked it.  I smiled at every guy that I
caught staring at me so they would be sure to know that I enjoyed their
attention.  The further we walked down the beach, the fewer people there
were.

I was just about to ask Tom if we should head back, when I heard someone
whistle.  I looked around and saw a group of guys walking along behind us,
and I was sure the whistle came from them.  There were four of them and I
decided to confront them.  As they caught up with us, I asked who had
whistled.

One of the guys stepped forward and admitted that he had been the one.  I
asked him if he liked my swimsuit, and he replied that it was very sexy.  I
introduced Tom to them, and then I told them that he liked to watch me with
other guys.  Tom started to say something, but I told him to be quiet.
Then I asked the whistler if he and his friends would like me to do
anything for them.  "I'll do anything you want, all you have to do is name
it,"  I said. Then, the guy who was doing the talking told me to take my
top off.  The beach was pretty deserted, but there were still a few people
scattered around, but I reached up anyway and undid my top and let it fall
to the sand.  "If you want me to do anything else, we need to move off the
beach a little,"  I told him.

I told Tom to pick up my top and I walked up the beach towards the woods.
Like I said, there were a few people around, three couples actually, and
they watched as I led my little band of five guys into the woods.  I
stopped after we'd entered the woods a little ways.  I could still see the
couples on the beach, but no one could see me from down the beach.  I
thought it would be hot to do it with these guys right there where we could
be seen.  I guess I figured if it bothered anyone, they could move away,
but I hoped they wouldn't.  I've always wanted to fuck someone in public,
with a lot of people watching.  Well, there weren't a lot of people on the
beach who could see me, but it made me hot to think they'd be watching.

"Well, what would you like me to do," I asked?  One of the other guys asked
if I'd take of my thong, and I gladly obliged him.  "Do you want me to suck
your cock," I asked him.  I didn't really give him a chance to answer as I
got down on my knees and pulled out his cock.  It was good and hard and I
looked into his eyes as I moved forward and took all of his cock down my
throat.  I made sure that we were turned so that the people on the beach
could see what I was doing.  I guess I figured that the women would drag
their mates away, but not one of the three couples left!  I was hot now!!
I sucked this guy for all I was worth!  I did stop long enough to ask one
of the other guys to get behind me and fuck me!  It was fantastic!  Tom
just stood there as I serviced these two guys right in front of him.  Every
once in a while I'd pull the cock out of my mouth long enough to ask him,
"Do I look good with a cock in my mouth, baby?  How do you like being
married to such a slut?"  Tom just nodded his head and stroked his cock.

The guy in front of me grabbed the back of my head, and I knew he was going
to cum.  I made sure to look at Tom as this guy pumped his load down my
throat. I swallowed most of it, but I let a little run out of the corner of
my mouth, so he could see that I was being pumped full of cum.  As soon as
he was done, I asked one of the others to take his place.  God I love being
fucked from both ends!!  The guy who was fucking my pussy was really doing
it right!  He never missed a stroke as I started sucking the new guy.  He
kept fucking me for about another five minutes until the new guy erupted in
my mouth.  This time I let his cum run out of my mouth and down my face.  I
guess watching that was enough to bring off the guy in my pussy, and he
grunted as he slammed his cock deep and came.  He was really grateful, and
thanked me over and over.

"The pleasure was all mine, baby," I said.

That left Tom and the last guy from the group.  I told the stranger to fill
my pussy, and he kneeled behind me and drove a pretty big cock into my
waiting pussy.  I told Tom to jack off on my face, and he moved in front of
me.  All the while the guy fucked me from behind, I told Tom how good it
felt.  "Oh Tom, his cock is so big!  God I love fucking big cocks!!  I wish
I had a dozen guys with HUGE cocks to fuck me.  Promise me you'll find me
some big cocks to fuck!  Oh baby, it feels so good!!  God I love to
fuck!!!"  I went on like that until the guy in my pussy started to cum.
"Oh god Tom!!  He's filling me full of cum!  Cum on my face, baby!!  Oh god
Tom!!  Cum on me, baby!!!"  I drove Tom over the edge and he started
shooting streams of sticky cum all over my face!

I looked towards the couples on the beach and two of them had left.  I
guess it was just too much for them to see me fuck five guys!  But one
couple remained, and they were both watching intently.  God it was hot!!
there I was, on my hands and knees, one guy pulling his fat cock out of my
pussy, with cum dripping down my face, and I was looking right at this
couple on the beach.  They were both looking at me, so I sat back on my
heels and gave them a little wave.  And they waved back!!!  I knew I had to
talk to them!  I got up and picked up my suit and put it on as I thanked
the four guys for the great time.  Then I grabbed Tom's hand and led him
towards the couple on the beach.

I walked right up to them and said "Hi."  It turned out that they liked to
watch porno movies, and so when they saw me getting ready to fuck five
guys, they decided to stick around and watch.  Tom was real uncomfortable
as I talked to them, explaining how I loved fucking groups of guys, and how
I hoped they'd enjoyed my performance.  Their names were Sally and Frank,
and I could see that Frank had an erection.  I asked Sally if she'd like me
to take care of Frank, too, but she said that she'd do that herself.  Then
I asked Sally if I could take care of her!  Sally didn't reply right away,
but she did eventually decline my offer.  I told them where we were staying
and asked if they'd visit us.  They said they'd see, and then I took Tom's
hand and we walked back towards our blanket.

I asked Tom if he was mad at me for fucking those guys, and he said that he
wasn't.  I told him that I was sorry that I was such a slut, but that I
loved cock so much, I had to have it all the time.  Then I told him that I
expected him to find me someone with a really big cock to fuck that night.
"I don't care how you do it, but I want a big cock in our bed tonight."

continued.......

I'm afraid I can't finish this right now.  I promise I'll tell you what
happened that night in my next letter (I'll try to post it on Monday).  I
did manage to find a big cock, but without Tom's help.  So, until my next
letter, think about me lying on my back with the biggest cock I've ever had
stretching my pussy wide open!

Love, Bobbi
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Repost: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 15 (exhib, slut) Date: Thu, 8 Aug 1996
12:59:43 UTC From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue) Reply-To:
an598218@anon.penet.fi Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

**********************Warning**********************************************
* A guy responding to one of my posts advised me to add a disclaimer to my
letters.  It seems that some of the on-line services haven't been posting
my letters, so by adding this warning, maybe they will.  So, if you aren't
eighteen, don't read any further.  This letter contains sexually graphic
material and may not be suitable for everyone.  If the idea of a woman
having sex with several partners offends you, then don't read my letters.
Okay?

Tuesday, April 30

Hi Everybody,

My name is Bobbi Sue, and over the past few months I've decided to spice up
my sex life.  But first, let me tell you about myself.  I am pretty short,
only 5'1" tall, and I weigh about 105 pounds.  My blond hair is shoulder
length and my eyes are blue.  I've been told that I'm cute, and without
trying to sound conceited, I think it's true.  I exercise every day, either
running, roller-blading, swimming, or cross-country skiing (in the winter,
of course), and as a result, my body is in really good shape.  My
measurements are 34A-22-34, and while my boobs are kind-of small, I have
very prominent nipples.  I've also been told that my best feature is my
nicely-shaped butt. I am happily married, and my husband knows about most
of my later exploits.

Well, as I promised last week, I'll get you up to date on my Fourth of July
camping trip.  My husband, Tom, and I found this great campground with a
practically endless sandy beach, and we were there for the holiday weekend.
In my last letter, I described how I'd taken on a couple of groups of guys
on our first day there.  Tom watched me fuck four guys just off the beach,
but he didn't know about the pair of good-looking guys I'd had earlier at
our campsite.  I can be so naughty!

After I had finished with the group of four guys, I'd made Tom promise to
find me someone with a really big cock.  I have had a few men with what I
consider very big cocks.  The biggest I've ever had was this guy back home
at a fraternity house.  Others have come close, but he was the biggest.  I
figured his cock was 10" long and really fat; so fat that I couldn't get
the head in my mouth!  I was unable to take all of him in my pussy, but I
was able to accommodate him in my ass.  Well, I wanted someone like that
again, and that's what I told Tom.

I figured the best way to find him would be for us to go to a nightclub and
have Tom keep his eyes open while he was in the bathroom.  We weren't
familiar with the area, so I decided to ask our neighbors if they knew a
good club. Keep in mind that these neighbors had seen me go into our tent
with two guys that I'd picked up on the beach.  They had to know that I
fucked them; I mean, we were in a tent only about 30 feet away!  Anyway, I
took Tom with me as we went next door to ask about the nightclub.

I introduced myself and Tom, making sure to let them know he was my
husband. I felt so wicked!  Then I asked about nightclubs.  My pussy
tingled as they told me about a couple of clubs in the area.  I couldn't
help thinking that these people had to know how much of a slut I was, and
it made me very hot! They mentioned three clubs; one was a country western
bar, and the other two had rock bands.  Well, neither Tom nor I like
country music much, so we decided to try the other two.  I hadn't told Tom
my plan of having him check guys out in the bathroom.  I thought it would
be best to wait until we got there.

I decided to wear a skirt, so that I could flash a little.  Tom made me
wear panties, but I talked him into letting me wear a pair of white silk
thong ones.  My black skirt was made of lycra and cotton, and was really
clingy and short.  Tom said that it looked hot, the way it clung to my
tight ass.  I wore a black lycra top, too.  The top was very thin and
tight, and the impression of my nipples was clearly visible as they poked
out through the material.  I put on a pair of low heels (I would have
rather worn high heels, but I was going to be dancing, and I didn't want to
hurt myself), and I was ready to go.

The first club we went to was kind of dead, but it was early (around 8:00
o'clock), so we had a couple of drinks and waited for everyone else to show
up.  Well, they didn't.  Apparently, this club wasn't as popular as we'd
been told.  So, we drove over to the other bar, and it was packed.

We weren't able to get a decent table right away (there were a couple empty
tables, but they were kind of in a corner), so we sat at the bar.  There
was a pretty good band playing and we turned our bar stools to face them.
I kept my legs spread a little, so that whoever wanted to could see my
pantied pussy.  I got quite a few looks, and it was heating me up.  I kept
looking for exceptionally large men, tall and well-built, not fat.  I knew
from experience that large-proportioned men, usually had large everything!
I guess I've heard that all black men have large cocks, but that seems a
little unlikely to me, so I kept looking for tall, large men.

Then I saw them.  I had glanced over by the door just as this group of four
really tall guys entered the bar.  I found myself hoping that the
stereotype about black men was true, because three of these guys were
black.  I know a lot of you have told me how you'd like me to take on a
very large group of black guys, but to be honest, I don't get any special
thrill from being with a guy just because he's black.  On the other hand, I
certainly wouldn't turn down a guy because of his color.  It's just not an
issue with me.  Anyway, these guys were big!  I knew that I had to meet
them, so I told Tom that I was going over to talk to them.  He wished me
luck and said that he'd wait at the bar for me.

As I slid off my bar stool, my skirt slid up my thighs and exposed my
panties.

I smiled to the guys who were looking, and then smoothed my skirt back down
and walked towards my target.  When I got aver to them, I started a
conversation by exclaiming how tall they were.  They were, too.  I would
have to say that all four guys were well over six and a half feet tall.  At
5'1", I was really craning my neck looking up at them.  One of the guys
must have noticed my discomfort at straining my neck, and he suggested that
we find a table.

Well, I accompanied them to a table, and we all sat down.  The table was
kind-of in a corner, and we couldn't really see the band, but I didn't
care. Actually, Tom and I had decided not to sit at that very table,
because of it's location away from the action.  The guys introduced
themselves and asked if they could buy me a drink.  I told them my name and
took them up on the drink.

It turned out that they were college basketball players.  That explained
why four really tall guys were there together.  I told them about Tom and
our vacation, and asked if they minded if Tom joined us.  They said sure,
why not, and I went to get him.

When we got back to the table, I introduced Tom to the guys, and we talked
about all kinds of stuff as we sat there and drank.  After a little while,
I couldn't refrain from telling a little bit about what I liked to do the
most. I started by asking how they liked my outfit.  Well, everyone said
that it was pretty hot.  That's when I explained that I enjoyed showing off
a little, and that Tom thought it was pretty sexy, too.  Then I told them
that Tom had promised to do something for me that night.

I had their attention and I went on to say that sometimes I liked to do
more than just show off, and that Tom sometimes liked to watch me do
things.  Tom was getting nervous, but I could tell that he was excited by
the way I was talking.  I continued by saying that I had made Tom promise
to find me a partner for later that night, someone who was really
well-endowed.  One of the guys, Jerry, asked Tom how he had planned to do
that, and Tom said he really hadn't given it much thought.  He went on to
say, "Bobbi has never really needed my help in that department before, so I
figured that she would take care of it on her own."  So Jerry asked me how
I'd planned to do it.

I told him that this time I had planned to send Tom into the bathroom to
look for guys with bigger than usual equipment.  Tom looked pretty shocked,
but Jerry didn't give him time to respond.  "Well, why don't we go and take
a leak right now guys?"  Jerry said.  "Tom, you can come with us and report
back to Bobbi."  Tom told them to forget it, that he wasn't going to go to
the bathroom and check out other guys.  He suggested that they just tell me
how big they were.  By now, the guys thought it would be fun to make Tom do
the looking for me, and they were getting a little insistent about it.  I
took Tom aside and quietly asked if he wanted to watch me fuck a really big
cock.  I could tell that he did, and he admitted that it would be really
hot, but he said that I should check out the guys.  I just told him that if
he wanted me to fuck them, he would have to vouch for their size, and that
he should just go and get it over.

Well, Tom reluctantly agreed to go with the other guys to the bathroom, and
they all got up to go.  I played with my pussy while they were gone for
what seemed to be a long time.  When they got back to the table about ten
minutes later, Tom said that I was in luck, and that any one of the guys
would suit my purpose.  "I can't make a decision like that,"  I exclaimed!
"Maybe we should all go back to our campsite!"  There was no way I was
going to let any of these guys get away!  So, we finished our drinks and
left the bar.

The guys followed us back to our campsite in their car.  All the way back,
I teased Tom with what I was going to do to them.  Tom told me that they
had the biggest cocks he'd ever seen, and that they ranged from nine inches
to twelve.

I asked him what had taken so long in the bathroom, and he blushed.  He
told me that they had insisted on showing him how big they were hard, and
that they had to play with themselves in order to do it.  He told me how
embarrassed he'd been watching as they stroked their cocks in front of him.
I told him not to worry about it, that I'd make it up to him by letting him
watch all four guys fuck me.

When we got to our tent, we saw that it wasn't big enough to accommodate
all of us at once.  So, I asked if I could do them one at a time, with Tom
watching.  They said that that would be fine, and I asked if I could have
them in order, from the smallest to the biggest. I also told them that I'd
promised Tom that he could watch.  Despite the stereotype, it turned out
that Larry, one of the three black guys, had the smallest cock.  So, I took
Tom and Larry, and we went into the tent.  It was pretty dark, so I told
Tom to turn on the light so he'd be able to see.  I had an ulterior motive.
I knew that the light would silhouette us to whoever happened to be
watching.  I had him position the light so that our neighbors (the couple
who'd told us about the nightclub) would have the best view (I really
wanted to shock them)!

I was anxious to get started so I told my two guys to get undressed, and I
did the same.  As soon as we were naked, I attacked Larry's cock!  I sucked
it into my mouth and down my throat.  I was finally getting what I wanted!
Tom sat there and watched as I licked and sucked on Larry's cock.  Tom was
right about Larry; his cock was about eight inches hard, and it was nice
and fat.  I loved the feeling as it slid in and out of my mouth, but all I
could think of was getting it inside my pussy!  I told him to get behind me
and fuck me hard!

I looked into Tom's eyes as Larry forced his hard cock between my pussy
lips. "Fuck me Larry!  Give me that big cock!"  I said.  Larry was eager to
grant my wish, and he pushed all the way in and started fucking me roughly.
I wasn't yet used to his size and he caught me off guard as he slammed his
big cock into me.  It hurt a little at first, but when I became fully
lubricated, it felt delicious!

As Larry fucked me from behind, I asked Tom how he was enjoying my
performance.  I couldn't help but moan and cry out occasionally, and I knew
that our neighbors had to be listening.  That just caused me to make more
noise.  Larry continued to hammer away at my wet pussy, as I looked at Tom
and told him how good Larry's cock felt.  Larry said that he was going to
cum, and I begged him to cum in my mouth.  I love the taste of cum, but
mostly I love the idea of men cumming in my mouth.  It's just so nasty!
Larry pulled out of my pussy and I moved around and took the head of his
cock into my mouth.  I moaned as he moved his fist up and down on his
gleaming dick.  He cried out as he began to spurt his cum into my mouth.
God I loved it!!  Tom looked on as I gobbled up every bit of Larry's load.
When he was through cumming, I told him to get dressed and send in the next
guy.  After he left, I crawled over to Tom and asked how I was doing.  Then
I kissed him.  It was a nice wet long kiss, and it occurred to me that Tom
could probably taste Larry's cum in my mouth. After we broke off the kiss,
I asked what I tasted like.  He just blushed .

Anyway, about that time, Jerry (the lone white guy) entered the tent.  He
didn't waste any time getting undressed, and I didn't waste any time
sucking his 9" hard, white cock down my throat.  He wasn't fully hard or I
wouldn't have been able to get him all the way down.  As he slowly fucked
my throat, he got harder and harder, until I couldn't fit him down my
throat anymore.  In fact, it was hard enough to just get the head of his
thick cock into my mouth.

I was consumed with the need to get his lovely huge cock inside of me.  I
was on my hands and knees and I turned my ass towards him.  "Fuck me
Jerry," I said!  I dropped my shoulders down as Jerry pushed his huge dick
inside my pussy.  I guess I lost track of Tom about then.  I was just so
full of cock!! I wish I could describe how it feels to be so full for all
of you guys.  It's like nothing else in the world!  I feel so primal when I
have a huge penis inside of me!  I lose track of everything else.  I don't
even think, I just feel!  Jerry's cock was having that effect on me.  I
begged him to fuck me, and fuck me he did!

With every stroke, Jerry would almost pull his cock all the way out.  I
could feel the head start to stretch my pussy even wider as if it were
about to pop free; then he'd shove it all the way in.  I have never had
more than nine inches all the way inside my pussy.  I have fucked one guy
with a longer cock, but he never got it all the way in my pussy.  Now Jerry
was bottoming out in me as he buried his cock in me up to his balls.  It's
like I could feel the head trying to push its way into my womb!  What ever
he was doing, it felt great!  I think I came a couple of times while Jerry
fucked me; it was all such a hedonistic blur!  I don't even remember him
telling me that he was cumming, but I felt him convulse inside of me, and
as he pulled out, I felt his hot cum running down my leg.

I guess Tom took over for me then.  I was kind-of incoherent, all I wanted
to do was fuck!  Later, Tom told me that he'd instructed Jerry to get
dressed and send in the next guy.  I do remember lying on my back as Alan
came into the tent.  I remember watching him undress, and I remember seeing
the biggest cock I'd ever seen.  It was black and uncircumcised, and BIG;
10" long and as thick as my wrist!  I couldn't wait to get it in me!  Alan
kneeled over me and stroked his cock until it was fully hard.  Once the
foreskin tightened, it revealed a beautiful head.  He spit in his hand and
rubbed it all over the huge head of his cock until it glistened.  Then he
lowered himself down onto me.  I felt the head of his cock pressing between
my pussy lips.  He pushed forward with a steady pressure as my pussy
stretched tight around his cock. And then he was in!  He continued to push
forward until he hit the end of my pussy.  Still he didn't stop!

As Alan continued to press forward, I felt the head of his cock opening me
up deep inside.  I had never felt anything like it.  It was painful at
first, but within minutes the pain was replaced by an intense pleasure.  I
don't know if Alan had found some special spot inside me, or if it was just
the thought that I had ten inches of the biggest cock I'd ever seen inside
of me. Whatever it was, I loved it.  I wrapped my legs around him and just
gave in as he probed me with that wonderful instrument.  I vaguely remember
Tom above me, stroking his cock as Alan fucked me.  I became aware that I
was making guttural grunting noises as Alan fucked me with his huge cock.
He told me to get ready, and then he pulled out and moved over me.  I
hungrily reached for his spurting cock and guided the tip into my open
mouth.  I was so happy to be able to provide a receptacle for his sperm,
and I swallowed all that I could.

After a little while Alan pulled away from me, and I watched as he got
dressed and left.  I heard him tell Joseph that he'd opened me up for him,
and I hoped our neighbors had heard him too.  I looked up at Tom and said,
"Now I'm going to take a foot of cock.  Make him give it all to me, Baby!"

I just laid there as Joseph came in and took his clothes off.  He kneeled
over me like Alan had, and stroked his huge cock.  It was beautiful!  It
was circumcised and fat, even bigger than Alan's, and even though it wasn't
completely erect, it was fully a foot long.  It reminded me of a stallion's
cock, the way it hung down.  I asked Joseph if I could try to get a little
of it into my mouth and he moved up until his cock hung down over my face.
Even with Joseph's height, his cock was so long, that it hung down and
brushed against my cheek.  I reached up and used both hands to position it
between my lips.  I pictured the couple next door watching the silhouette
on the wall of our tent, as I took the tip of that huge cock in my mouth.
There was no way I could get it into my mouth, but I tried anyway.  I
looked up at Tom and saw the lust in his eyes as he watched me try to
swallow Joseph's cock.

"Do you want me to fuck you Bobbi?" Joseph asked.  "Oh God yes!!" I begged.
I was reluctant to relinquish my grasp on that magnificent cock, but I knew
it would be worth it, so I let go as Joseph moved down between my legs.  I
used my hands to position his enormous dick at the opening to my pussy.
"Fuck me, baby, fuck me!!" I pleaded.  He slowly moved forward and forced
the head of his cock into me.  I thought that I'd split open as the giant
head entered me. I swear it was bigger than my fist, and the shaft of his
glistening tool was definitely much thicker than my wrist.  As my pussy
clamped around the shaft of Joseph's cock, it occurred to me that I could
accommodate an arm and fist in my pussy.  I made a mental note to explore
the possibility with my girlfriend Mary.  Joseph didn't give me a second to
relax as he pushed forward, feeding me more and more of his python.

When Joseph reached the point that Alan had opened for him, there was still
a lot of resistance.  Maybe it was because of the size of their cocks, but
neither Alan nor Joseph got totally hard.  I suppose that was what allowed
their cocks to conform to the contours of my insides, and that's probably
why Joseph was now able to keep pushing until there was a foot of giant
cock inside my pussy.  When he had it all the way in, he just kind of
ground around rubbing my clit with his pelvis.  I came instantly, and I'm
afraid I wasn't very quiet about it.  Just thinking how I must have looked,
lying there with my legs spread wide, with 12" of fat cock buried deep in
my pussy, screaming that I was cumming, I can't help but rub my clit as I
write this.

Tom must have gotten nervous about my screaming, because he moved up beside
me and forced his cock into my mouth.  He held the back of my head as he
fucked my face.  Joseph then started moving in and out of my pussy.  I
couldn't stand it as I let out one muffled scream after another into Tom's
stomach.  Joseph fucked me for about ten minutes like this and I swear I
came five or six more times!  I almost lost conscientiousness a couple of
times, but neither Tom not Joseph seemed to care.  I was sure that they
both would have continued to fuck me even if I had passed out, and that
made me even hotter!  Tom came first and I sucked it all down.  Then Joseph
said he as cumming.  He pulled out of me and kneeled over my face as he
milked stream after stream of gooey, white cum into my open mouth.  I
remember both Tom and Joseph leaving as I curled up and drifted off to
sleep.

I was right about our neighbors.  They really looked me over the next day,
and I knew they'd seen me fucking those guys.  I found out for sure when
the guys wife left in the car.  Right after she left, I went next door and
asked the guy if he'd enjoyed the show.  To make a long story short, I
ended up in their camper as he fed me his cum.  Tom had gotten Joseph's
phone number and address, and he'd given him our address and invited him
and Alan to come pay us a visit some time.  I made it with a couple other
guys later in the weekend, but nothing compares to that night with Jerry,
Larry, Alan, and Joseph.

So, you see, I have been busy!  I hope that you jack off while you read my
letter.  It makes me so hot knowing that you'll be picturing me lying on my
back with Joseph's huge python cock buried deep inside of me.  I'd
especially like you to picture me lying their with Joseph kneeling over me,
milking his cum into my open mouth.

I've got to go to the bathroom and take care of my aching pussy right now.
I love being your slut.

Love, Bobbi
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
NEW: Bobbi Sue's Adventure 16 (exhib) Date: 30 Jul 1996 14:59:11 +0200
From: nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous) Organization: Replay and Company
UnLimited Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Tuesday, July 30

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  For those of you who don't know me, I'm 5'1" tall, weigh 105
lbs, and measure 34A-22-34.  I have shoulder-length blond hair, and blue
eyes.  I keep in shape by running and roller-blading in the summer and
cross-country skiing in the winter.  For the past several months, I've
enjoyed showing off my body to guys I've met, and I've also ended up in bed
with most of them!

I'm sorry that I haven't been writing very much, but I've been swamped at
work, and busy at home, too.  I did want to take a little time to tell you
about what happened yesterday, though.

I've been accumulating some sex toys through mail order companies, and just
recently, Tom (my husband) bought me a medium-sized, black butt plug.  I
really like the way it feels inside of me, and Monday morning I told Tom
that I'd wear it all day at work. So, just before I left for work, I
greased up both the butt plug and my asshole, and I worked it inside of me
as Tom watched.  He wanted me to suck on his hard cock, but I told him he'd
have to wait.  After I'd positioned the plug in my ass, I pulled down my
skirt, gave Tom a kiss, and left for work.

I love the summer!  All of the rest of the year I have to wear pantyhose
when I wear skirts to work (luckily, I work for a company that has a rather
relaxed dress code, so I can dress casually if I want to, but sometimes I
like to dress up a little).  In the summer, after I get a good tan, I can
get away without wearing them because my legs look great without them.  So
on Monday I wasn't wearing any pantyhose under my skirt.  I wasn't wearing
any panties either!  I was wearing a white mock turtleneck (with no bra
underneath), my plaid skirt, and some flats.  I must admit that I felt
really naughty as I got out of my car and walked into the office.

With every step I took, I was well aware of the butt plug in my ass.  It
felt yummy!  And when I sat down at my desk, I felt the plug go up inside
of me a little further!  I knew that I was in for an interesting day.

One of the things that really gets me hot is sharing my perverted behavior
with others.  So I decided to pay one of my coworkers a visit.  Bob works
in another part of our office building, and I walked by three guys on my
way to see him.  It's a pretty small company, and everybody knows
everybody, so I said hi to all of the guys I passed.  I wondered what
they'd think if they knew I wasn't wearing any underwear and had a rubber
dildo in my ass!  I was tempted to show them, but I was able to restrain
myself.

I knocked on Bob's open door and he looked up at me and smiled.  Bob and I
have an arrangement where I allow him to fuck me occasionally, and we are
pretty good friends.  I asked if he had time to talk to me for a couple of
minutes and he replied that he always had time for me.  I closed his office
door and then turned away from him and bent over.  I pulled my skirt up
over my ass and spread my cheeks so that he could see the base of the black
butt plug.  Then I straightened up, opened the door, and took a seat.

"Do you know what that was?"  I asked.  "It was a six inch rubber butt
plug." Then I told Bob how good it felt, especially when I moved around in
my chair (Of course I moved around in my chair as I said that).  From the
look on his face, I could tell that Bob was glad I'd shared my secret with
him.  He asked me what I intended to do, and I told him that I intended to
work.  Then I stood up and told him I had to go.

He asked if he could see me at lunch.  I told him that I thought I'd be too
busy, but I'd see if I could squeeze him in.  Then I went back to my
office. I love my job.  I am one of three women in a company of forty
workers.  And I am the only woman who socializes with the men.  Our firm
has about 10 professionals and 30 hourly workers.  Everyone is very nice,
and we all get along pretty good.  Most of the professionals stay in their
offices, but I like to join the hourly workers during their breaks from
time to time.  Like I said, they are all nice, and I like the attention
they give me.

So anyway, at 9:30 A.M., I wandered over to the break room and got a Pepsi
out of the refrigerator.  The room was pretty full, with about 15 of the
hourly guys, and they were watching me (like they always do).  They aren't
really obvious about it, but they don't fool me.  Anyway, I usually drink
Coke, but I wanted to get a can off one of the lower shelves so I'd have to
bend over a little.  It was great!  As I bent over to retrieve my Pepsi,
the room got kind of quiet as the guys (I'm sure) stared at my legs as I
bent forward.

My skirt was kind of short, and I know they saw plenty of my legs, but it
wasn't short enough for them to see my ass.  I love knowing that they are
watching me, and I've fantasized about taking them all on, right there on
the table in the break room, but I want to keep my job and reputation.
Nevertheless, my pussy tingled knowing they were watching me.  I sat and
talked with them for about ten minutes as I drank my Pepsi, moving around a
little on my chair, working the plug around inside of my ass.

I love to flirt with them, too, and I'm pretty good at doing it while
appearing to be innocent.  On this particular day, a couple of the guys
were talking about the Olympic women swimmers.  I managed to steer the
conversation to their flimsy swimsuit.  Of course I did it by expressing
surprise that they would wear suits that were so thin!  I swear I had
everyone talking about how nice they looked, how they needed thin suits to
reduce the drag in the water, and how they weren't really all that thin.  I
felt so sexy when I said, "If they aren't thin, then how come I can see
their nipples through the fabric!"  Well, the guys had to admit that I was
right.  And when I said that I would never wear anything that revealing, I
said it knowing that the impressions of my erect nipples were quite visible
through my blouse.

I knew they wouldn't call me on it.  I've found that there is a line they
won't cross, and I knew they'd just let my remark go.  I finished my Pepsi
and told them I had to get back to work.  On my way out of the room, I bent
down to put my empty can in the case, then headed back into the hall and
back to my office.  The pop can case was right on the floor, so I had to
bend over quite a ways, and I could feel the back of my skirt riding up
towards my bare ass. Just before it rode all of the way up, I bent my legs
a little so that I wouldn't reveal anything but legs.  As I walked back to
my office, I was sure that every guy in that room would have liked to fuck
me.  I'm sure they all think that I'm a tease, and they're right.  What
they don't know, is that I'd love to be able to fuck the shit out of every
one of them!

Well, as you can imagine, it was impossible for me to get my mind back on
my work.  I was so hot that I had to do something.  I could have
masturbated to bring myself off, but I wanted to do something a little more
daring.  I called Bob in his office and asked him if he had a minute; that
I needed to see him in my office.  After I hung up, I sat back in my chair
and started playing with my pussy.  My office is set apart from most of the
other offices.  It is halfway down a hallway, and there is only one more
office past mine. Consequently, there isn't a lot of traffic that passes by
my office.

By the time I heard Bob coming down the hallway, I had two fingers inside
of my wet pussy.  I couldn't wait to replace them with Bob's hard cock!  I
thought I'd give Bob a thrill, so I made sure he'd be able to see my
fingers in my pussy when he looked in my door.  I pushed my chair back from
my desk and waited for him to stick his head in the door.

Well, I wasn't prepared for what happened next.  A head appeared in the
doorway, but it wasn't Bob!  It was Jim, the guy who has the office at the
end of my hallway!  There I was with my fingers deep inside of my pussy, as
Jim stood there and stared at me.  I was too startled to think to remove my
fingers, and I guess Jim took that as encouragement.  Anyway, he stepped
into my office and said, "Looks like you could use some attention, Bobbi."
Then he walked over to me and pulled down his zipper!  I was kind-of in
shock.  Jim has always impressed me as this straight-laced, religious
sort-of guy; the kind of guy who would take one look at me in my current
state, and condemn me for it.  Now he stood by my chair as he fished a
lovely hard cock out of his pants!  As soon as he pulled it clear of his
pants, I moved forward and hungrily devoured it with my mouth.

I guess we were both pretty distracted, because neither one of us noticed
Bob standing in my office doorway until he cleared his throat!  "I thought
you wanted to see me, Bobbi," he said, "but it looks like you found what
you were looking for!"

By now it was clear that we needed someone to watch the hallway, so I told
Bob, "You can be next if you'll stand guard while I fuck Jim."  Of course
he agreed, and I went back to work on Jim.  Jim was a little taken aback
when Bob showed up, but he got over the surprise quickly, and really got
into it as I sucked his hard cock down my throat.  It was a nice cock, too.
About six inches and curved, with a nice fat head.  Because of the curved
shaft, it was hard to get it very far down my throat, but I knew it would
feel good in my pussy!

When Jim was good and hard, I stood up and bent over and placed mt hands on
my desk for support.  I told him to get behind me, and to fuck me hard!  I
felt like such a slut!  As Jim fucked me, he pushed against the butt plug,
and it felt like I was getting it from two cocks, one in my pussy and one
in my ass. Jim's curved dick rubbed against the butt plug and tended to
push it in and up.  It was wild!  I told him that I wanted him to cum in my
mouth when he was ready, and I imagined what he must be thinking as he
fucked me from behind. To him, I was this conservative professional woman.
I never flirted with him because I thought he was so straight, so he'd only
seen my serious, conservative side; the church-going, hard-working wife.
Well, now he was seeing another side!  Jim told me he was going to cum, so
I pulled forward away from him.  When his cock popped free, I turned and
dropped to my knees. As I knelt in front of him with my mouth open, I
looked up at him and told him, "Cum in my mouth, baby.  I want to taste
it."

That appeared to send him over the edge, and he started shooting thick,
stringy gobs of sperm into my waiting mouth.  I wrapped my lips around his
hard cock as he thrust his cock into me over and over.  After about a
minute, he stopped thrusting and I sucked his cock clean.  Then I stood up
and moved over to the desk and got into position for Bob.  I told Jim that
it was his turn to be the lookout and he took Bob's place in the doorway.

God it felt good as Bob slid his hard eight inch cock into my sopping
pussy. Once again I could feel the butt plug moving deeper into my ass as
Bob slammed his beautiful cock into my pussy.  I really got off on the way
Jim was watching me, and I started to cum.  Bob continued to fuck me
through my orgasm, and I'm afraid I started to get pretty loud.  Bob
reached forward and put his had across my mouth to keep me quiet, and I
sucked his fingers into my mouth.  You should have seen the look on Jim's
face as he watched me sucking Bob's fingers as I was getting hammered from
behind.

Bob told me he was going to cum and I told him to cum in my mouth.  I
wanted Jim to watch me take Bob's eight inches down my throat.  I got on my
knees and opened my mouth.  Bob obliged me by sliding his hard cock into my
waiting mouth and right down my throat.  I made sure Jim could see my face
as Bob fucked my mouth.  He would slide it all the way in, until my face
was pressed up against his belly, then he would pull it all the way out.  I
looked up at Jim as Bob's cock moved in and out of me.  Bob told me he was
going to cum, then he rammed his dick down my throat and held the back of
my head so I couldn't move.  I felt him start to cum as he pumped his sperm
down my throat.

God, I loved it!!!!  He moved back and forth a little, fucking my throat,
as one jet of cum after another spurted into my belly.  After about 30
seconds, he pulled out of me and let me catch my breath.  Then I took him
back in my mouth and cleaned him up.

After it was all over, I thanked Bob and told him I'd see him later.  He
fixed his clothes and left the office.  Then I told Jim to have a seat.  I
talked with him for a while, and got his pledge of secrecy.  I also told
him that now that he knew what I was really like, maybe I could pay him a
visit in his office every now and then.  Jim really liked that idea.  I did
make sure to tell him that the second he told anybody, that he would be cut
off for good. I was sure he wouldn't tell anybody; I mean he had as much to
lose as I did, but it made me feel kind-of slutty to talk about it.

After Jim left my office, I decided to get another coke, so I walked back
to the break room.  I was still horny and the motion of the butt plug was
driving me crazy!  I grabbed a coke this time (there wasn't anyone there to
watch me bend over), and I headed back towards my office.  I was still so
hot!!  The butt plug felt soooooooo good, and my pussy was still so wet.  I
could feel the wetness on the inside of my thighs, too, and it was making
me crazy!! What I really wanted was a big, hard cock in my ass, not the
medium-sized butt plug!!!

One of the projects I was working on, involved the construction of a
prototype.  Well, I decided to take a walk out into the shop to check on
it. I don't know what I planned to do out there.  I mean, I knew there were
lots of guys out there, but I also knew that I couldn't really approach any
of them to fuck me. I was sure that if one of them found out about my
voracious sexual appetite, he would tell the others.  And while that might
be fun, it would have some pretty serious repercussions down the road.  I
guess mostly, I just wanted to be around the guys.

Anyway, I walked out to the shop and asked the foreman how work on my
project was going.  He took me over to where they were working on it, and
showed me what they'd done so far.  I felt pretty sexy, standing there with
my recently-fucked, wet pussy, and my ass full of rubber cock, as I talked
with the foreman and the two guys who were doing the construction.  My
nipples were hard, and I know they noticed.  I made sure to look at the
prototype closely, bending over it, or reaching to point at a part of it,
and showing a lot of leg while doing so.  God, I wanted to feel their cocks
in me!!!!  I knew I had better leave before I did something that I'd
regret!  So, I thanked the guys for their help and walked out of the shop.

By the time I got back to my office, I was so horny I could hardly stand
it! I knew I had to have someone in my ass!  I went to the bathroom and
tried to fuck myself with the butt plug.  It had a nice big, long head, but
it didn't have much of a shaft, and it was difficult to fuck myself with.
I ended up pulling it out and washing it off, and putting it in my pussy.
Then I headed for Jim's office!

I stepped into his office and told him, "I need you to do something for me.
I need you to fuck my ass!"  I ordered him to get up and then I kneeled in
front of him and undid his pants.  I took his cock out and sucked on it
until it was nice and hard.  Then I pulled my skirt up to reveal my open
asshole, and leaned over his desk.  Jim protested that someone might come
by, and I assured him that we'd be able to hear them coming.  I guess my
asshole was just too inviting, because the next I knew I felt his cock
pushing into me.

It was exactly what I needed!  Jim slammed into my ass as I braced myself
against his desk with my hands.  I came almost immediately, and Jim was
nice enough to stop fucking my ass while I came.  After I settled down a
little I urged him to continue.  I swear that there is nothing better than
being fucked in the ass!  I love the feeling of a nice, hard cock sliding
in and out of my asshole!!  If I could, I'd spend all of my free time
getting fucked in my ass!!!  Jim only lasted another five minutes before he
grabbed me by the hips and shot his load into my ass.  He eventually pulled
out of me and I thanked him for his attention.  Then I went back to my
office and got back to work.

I had to work a little late that night to get my work done, and Jim stuck
his head in my office on his way out.  "What do you think of me now, Jim?"
I asked.  He said he didn't know what to think, but that he was glad to
find out this other side of me.  It was pretty late (around 6:00 P.M.), and
I was sure most of the others were gone for the day, so I asked Jim if he'd
do me one last favor.  I'd had the butt plug in my pussy all afternoon, and
I was feeling pretty hot, and I wanted to show Jim just what kind of girl I
was.

"Will you come over here and fuck my mouth?"  I asked.  "I really love the
taste of cum, and I need something to hold me over until I get home.  Won't
you fill my mouth with your cum, baby?"  Jim didn't need any more urging
than that, and within a few minutes I tasted his cum, as he shot string
after string of the sticky stuff down my throat.  Well, that was enough to
show Jim just what kind of depraved slut I really was.  Unfortunately, it
only served to make me hornier.

I left for home right after that, but when I got there, Tom wasn't home
yet! Luckily, my neighbor was at home, so I knocked on his door.  He had a
couple of friends over, and they were watching TV (I swear that's all they
ever do over there).  My neighbor knows what I want when I come over, and
he and his friends were kind enough to fuck me until Tom got home.  You
should have seen Tom's face when he saw me coming out of our neighbor's
house.  I had cum running down my leg, and my face was covered with the
stuff.  He asked me what was going on, and I told him that our neighbor and
his buddies were nice enough to get me warmed up for him.

I went inside with Tom and made him fuck me until I came.  Then I made him
lick my pussy until I came again.  I loved sitting on his face as he probed
my pussy with his tongue.  Finally, I let him fuck me in my ass until he
came.

That was yesterday, and I am a little sore today.  I got to work early
today, so that I could write this.  I expect Jim to be coming by soon, and
I plan to follow him to his office and suck him off.  I know I really
shocked him yesterday, and I want him to know it wasn't a dream!  I wanted
you to know what I'd be doing this morning, so when you read this, you
could picture me on my knees in Jim's office with his cock in my mouth.
I'll be sucking his cock at about 8:30 A.M. EST.

your slut, Bobbi

P.S.  I keep getting requests for my earlier letters.  I have reposted them
once, and I'm in the process of reposting them again (I've reposted numbers
1-5 and will post 6-10 today), but it is kind of time consuming.  So if you
haven't read my other letters, just be patient, and I'll get them reposted
eventually.  If you just want to drop me a line, send your mail to
an598218@anon.penet.fi.  If you want me to know who you are and what your
email address is, you'll have to enclose it in the text of your letter.
Please keep the subject line of your mail clean, but heat up the text as
much as you like! Subject: Bobbi Sue's Adventures 17 (exhib) Date: Mon, 5
Aug 1996 20:34:51 UTC From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue) Reply-To:
an598218@anon.penet.fi Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Thursday, August 1

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  Wow has this been a great week!  It's getting close to lunch
time, and have I got something exciting planned!  I'm sitting at my desk at
work, and I am about to get something to eat.  However, the only thing I'll
be eating today is cock!  Remember the other day when I said I wished I
could fuck the guys in the break room at work?  Well, I told Bob (one of my
coworkers who knows the real me) on Friday, and he suggested a way to make
it happen.

It's so simple, I can't believe I didn't think of it.  I did need someone
to help me set it up, though, and that's where Bob and Mary (a girlfriend
of mine) come in.  Mary is providing the house where I'm going to get to
perform for the guys.  And Bob is spreading the word about today's lunch
special.  The simple thing that is going to make it all possible, is that
I'm going to wear a costume!

Mary has a French maid's costume, complete with a black wig and a mask that
will cover the upper half of my face.  I tried it on last night (and let
Mary take it off of me; of course we ended up in bed!) and it was kind of
big, especially in front, but I don't intend to wear most of it for very
long.  I'm going to wear a bustier underneath (you know, the kind that
comes just below my breasts, and just below my waist), along with a garter
and some black fishnet stockings and high heels.

Bob has already told several of the guys that he knows of a really horny
woman who is going to be in town today, and that she has asked him to get
her a bunch of men to have sex with.  He told me that he thinks probably
five or six of the guys will accompany him to Mary's to meet this hot
bitch.  Well, this hot bitch will be ready for them!

I should tell you what set all of this in motion.  Well, you remember the
other day when I was sitting with about fifteen of the guys in the break
room, and how I bent over in front of them to get a pop out of the
refrigerator. That was so hot, that on Friday I decided to go a little
further.

When I showed off my legs to them the first time, I had a black butt plug
in my ass.  Because of that, I made sure that I didn't bend over too far.
They all think that I'm kind-of conservative, and if they'd seen that I
wasn't wearing panties, and had something buried in my ass, they would have
known that I was a slut.  I love being a slut, but I also like working
where I do, and living in our small town, and going to our small church.
Basically, I'm your typical married, working woman.  At least that is the
image I try to portray.  I love sex, but I'm not ready to be driven out of
town because of it.  That's why I keep my activities secret from the
general population. Don't get me wrong, the guys at work don't think I'm a
prude, or that I hate sex.  I've flirted with enough of them so that they
know I enjoy being looked at, as long as they do it discreetly.  I do know
some women who genuinely dislike any kind of comment on their looks or
figure, but most women like to be flattered; as long as it isn't crude.
Personally, I enjoy crude remarks, but that's not widely known.

Anyway, Friday I decided to show them a little more.  I wore a summer dress
to work, and this time I wore panties.  They were white thong panties and
they showed off my nice butt.  I've been told that my ass is my best
feature, and when I looked at myself in the mirror before I left for work,
I had to agree. It wasn't a very warm day, so my braless nipples grew erect
as soon as I left the house.

I couldn't wait for break time!  The morning break starts at 9:30, but I
didn't go to the break room until 9:40 because I wanted to make sure there
would be a lot of guys there.  I love the way it gets kind-of quiet when I
walk in that room.  I imagine that they probably talk about girls and
stuff, and that when I show up they feel they have to curtail their
discussions. Anyway, I like it that it gets quiet; that means they are
paying attention to me.  So, I said "Hi" to everybody, and then I went to
the refrigerator to get a pop.

Like I said, it was cool, and when I opened the refrigerator door, I got
even cooler.  I could feel my nipples growing very erect, and when I looked
down I could see them sticking through the material of my dress.  I stood
there with the door open for about ten seconds, and then I bent down to get
a pepsi of the bottom shelf.

I could feel my short dress ride up the back of my legs, and as it crept up
to my thong-pantied ass, the room got REAL quiet.  I took my time getting
my pop, thinking how all of those guys were watching me, staring at my ass.
I could feel where the hem of my dress rested, and I knew that a little
part of my ass was exposed!  It made me sooo hot!!  From what they could
see of my ass, I knew that they could tell I was wearing thong panties.
Then I straightened up and shut the refrigerator door. When I turned
around, the guys were starting to talk to each other, pretending that
nothing had happened.

I sat down and talked with a few of the guys about the Olympics, and I
loved the way they snuck peeks at my erect nipples when they thought I
wasn't looking.  My dress had a kind-of scoop neck, and I thought how hot
it would be if I could flash my breasts.  As I stood up to leave, I had an
idea!  As I was getting up, I purposely spilled some Pepsi on my dress.
The spill was down by the hem, and I made a big deal about it.  I walked to
the sink and wet some paper towels and started rubbing the spill.  I had to
bend down to reach the spot, and I made sure that I was facing the guys in
the room.  It worked, too!

The neckline of my dress gapped and hung away from my body.  The only
problem was that all of the guys were sitting down, and weren't in position
to look down my dress!

I stood there blotting the spill on my dress, wondering how I could give
them a better look, when apparently, a couple of the guys figured it out.
They stood up and moved forward, offering to help me, but I knew what they
were doing.  As they stepped up close, I bent down again and gave them a
clear shot at my breasts.  I knew they got a good look, because I could see
one guy's cock start to get hard through his pants!  That got me even
hotter, and I decided to get out of there and go to the bathroom and
masturbate!   I thanked them for their offer of help, but told them that
everything was under control.

Then I tossed away the paper towels and walked over to the place we put our
empty pop cans.

The case for the empties was resting on the floor, just like it was earlier
this week (it's funny, but I remember when there always used to be other
cases of empties stacked there, beneath the partially-filled case).  I
finished off my pop and I bent forward to put the empty can in the case.
Once again it got quiet as the hem of my dress inched up towards my ass,
but this time I didn't stop when the hem got to my ass!  I continued to
bend froward until I knew that my entire ass was exposed.  I almost came
when I felt the material uncover my behind.  I had the mental image of the
guys lining up behind me, pulling their cocks from their pants, with the
first guy sliding my tiny thong to the side and sliding his hard cock into
my pussy.

I don't think I moaned, but it wouldn't have surprised me if I had.  It was
still quiet as I stood back up.  I wanted to turn to them and smile, but
instead, I just walked out of the lunch room.  I walked slowly down the
hall, and was able to just make out a couple of their comments about me.
From their tone, I knew they liked my little show!

Anyway, while I was in the bathroom, I decided that I wanted to fuck them;
preferably all of them, but at least some of them.  Later, I told Bob about
it, and he suggested that I wear a costume.  That way I could fuck as many
of them as I wanted, but they wouldn't know it was me.  I rewarded Bob for
his idea by offering him my ass during our noon run.  It was delicious
feeling his big cock in my tight ass.  He fucked me for at least fifteen
minutes, until I begged him to cum in my mouth.  He was a little shocked
that I would suck him right after I'd had him in my ass, but it was fine
with me!

So, in about an hour, I'm going to go over to Mary's, put on my costume,
and wait for Bob and the guys to fill me with their cocks.  I just have to
remember not to say anything (I definitely won't be keeping my mouth
shut!), and they won't know it's me.  I'm so hot thinking about it, I'm
going to go over to Mary's right now and have her get me ready for them.
I'll be sure to write and let you know what happened!

ready for cock, Bobbi
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Bobbi Sue's Adventure 18 (exhib, slut) Date: Thu, 8 Aug 1996 23:56:46 UTC
From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue) Reply-To: an598218@anon.penet.fi
Organization: Anonymous forwarding service Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

***************************Warning*****************************************
**

Hi.  The material below is intended for adults only.  If you are under
eighteen years old, don't read any further.  Seriously, this is adult
material, describing in graphic detail, sexual acts between consenting
adults. If you think you may be offended by reading such material, stop
here.

Thursday, August 8

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  For those of you who aren't familiar with me or my posts, I'll
take a couple of minutes to describe myself to you.  I am 5'1" tall, and
weigh around 105 lbs.  I love to work out, and I regularly lift weights,
run, roller-blade, and swim.  In the winter I cross country ski to keep my
well- toned 34A-22-34 body in shape.  My breasts are small, but firm, and
I've been told that I have a perfect ass.  I have shoulder-length blond
hair, and blue eyes, and most guys tell me I'm cute.

I love sex!  Up until several months ago, I had had a pretty normal sex
life, but then I started acting out my fantasies of showing off.  I started
by running topless on a trail in the woods, and I've advanced to fucking
groups of guys.  In my last letter, I described how I'd flashed my ass to a
room full of my co-workers, and told you how I was to meet some of them for
lunch.

Well, that was on Monday, and man was it hot!!!!  My friend Mary has a
house nearby where I work, and she agreed to let me use it for my meeting.
A friend from work (Bob) who knows all about what I like, told a bunch of
other guys at work that he knew of a really hot woman who was looking for
some fun.  Well, Bob lined up five guys to fuck me during our lunch hour.
I normally wouldn't let my co-workers know how horny I am, but after
telling Bob about my desire to have them, he suggested that I wear a
disguise!  So, Mary lent me a French maid's outfit that had a black wig and
a black mask that covered the top half of my face.  Under the dress, I wore
a black waist nipper (corset), black stockings, and a black garter belt.

On Monday I went over to Mary's a little early, so that I could spend a
little time alone with her.  We have a special relationship, and I love
nothing better than to crawl between her legs and suck on her pretty pussy.
When I got to Mary's, I stripped in front of her and asked if she'd help
get me ready.  She came to me and kissed me deeply and passionately.  As
she probed my mouth with her tongue, I unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it
down off her shoulders.  She wasn't wearing a bra, and I held her close,
pressing my small breasts against her.

I wish I could describe how it feels for a woman to hold another woman.
The feeling of her soft, large breasts against mine is so erotic, it makes
me want to do anything to make her happy.  That's how I felt on Monday as
she stroked my hair and kissed me.  I reached down and undid her pants and
pushed them down.  As they fell to the floor, Mary broke off the kiss, and
I said, "I want to taste your pussy."  Mary smiled at me and stepping out
of her pants, she led me to the bed.

I knew I only had a few minutes until the guys arrived, and that I still
had to put on my costume, but I had to taste Mary's sweet pussy.  As she
reclined on the bed, I dove between her legs and licked her juicy slit.  I
love the sweet taste of her pussy juice; and I love to get it all over my
face.  I had intended to have Mary lick my pussy to get me ready for my
gang bang, but I could feel the wetness between my legs and knew I was
ready already.

Just then, we heard the doorbell.  Mary made me stop licking her, and said
something about getting dressed, but I didn't want her to go.  I made her
promise that she would come back after she let the guys in.  She said
"okay," and then she got up and put a robe on and left the room.

Mary was back in a minute, and she opened her robe and climbed back on the
bed while I positioned myself back between her legs.  As I fucked her with
my tongue, she told me that there were six guys, including Bob, and how
they had thought she was the one who was going to fuck them.  She said that
she'd told them that she was there for the same reason they were, and that
they could have me after she was through with me.  As I started to get Mary
off, and as she started to cry out for me to, "Suck my pussy, bitch!"  I
thought of what those guys must be thinking, and it made me want them
really bad.

After Mary was through cumming, she got up and fastened her robe.  She went
to the closet and got out my costume, and she helped me put it on.  The
maid's uniform was too big, but I planned to take of the dress right away.
I had brought my own corset and stockings, and they fit very well.  Mary
helped me put the wig on, and after I'd donned the mask, I really looked
like a different person.  I couldn't wait to fuck the guys I worked with!!

Mary said she had some errands to run, so she got dressed.  When she was
ready to go, she told me to come with her.  We walked into the living room,
and I almost said "Hi."  That would have been a mistake; I have a pretty
distinctive voice, and the guys would have know right away who I was.  And
while that would make what I was doing much hotter, it would jeopardize my
job and reputation as a respected member of the community.  Anyway, Mary
introduced me as Candice, and said that I didn't talk much, but did a lot
of other things.

Then Mary left, and Bob took over.  He asked me what I wanted.  Well, I
couldn't tell them what I wanted, so I decided to show them.  I started by
unbuttoning my maid's dress and letting it fall to the floor.  So there I
stood in my corset, garter and stockings, my small, firm breasts pushed up
by the top of the corset, my nipples erect, and nothing between my pussy
and their cocks but air!  I had planned to suck each of them off first, so
I got down on my knees and motioned for the nearest one to come to me.

As he stepped in front of me, I reached up and undid his pants.  I pulled
his pants and underwear down and stared at the hard, six-inch cock that
stood just inches from my face.  I licked my lips and moved forward.  I
opened my mouth and took the entire length down my throat.  I love the
feeling I get as someone's cock head pushes into the opening of my throat,
and I loved it then as I swallowed his cock.

As I sucked him, he started to fuck my face.  He grabbed my head in his
hands and thrust his hips back and forth as his cock plunged in and out of
my mouth. At one point he grabbed my hair (my wig actually), and I got a
little worried. I was able to guide his hand back to my face, and I relaxed
a little as he continued to fuck my mouth.  I knew all of the guys there,
but it was so incredibly hot to finally be able to be myself (albeit
incognito) around them.  Ricky was the guy who was doing me, and I'd often
wondered what he'd be like in bed.  I bet he's wondered about me, too, but
I'm sure he didn't recognize me.

Ricky said he was going to cum, and I moved back, pulling his cock from my
mouth.  So there I was kneeling in front of him, looking up at him through
my mask, with my mouth open.  He had to know that I was begging for him to
spurt his cum on my face and in my mouth.  I really wanted to tell him to
do it; I love how it affects men when I tell them to cum in my mouth.  His
cock erupted and the first couple of jets hit my nose and cheek.  I wanted
to taste him, though, so I moved forward and took him into my mouth as he
continued to pump out jets of cum.

I love swallowing cum, it makes me feel like such a slut.  I especially
love doing it in front of a bunch of guys.  After Ricky was through, I
motioned for the next guy to take his turn.  I ended up sucking off all
five of them while Bob watched.  It was really hot!!  It was all I could do
to keep from talking to them.  I'm usually very vocal and I really wanted
to beg them for their cum.

I restrained myself, and moved back over to Ricky.  I sucked his cock back
into my mouth, and when he was good and hard I got up and led him into the
bedroom.  One of the things I like to do, is to take on a bunch of guys one
at a time.  I've heard guys talk about girls pulling trains, and it gets me
off to know they'll be talking about me that way.  When we were in the
bedroom, I closed the door and laid down on my back on the bed.  Ricky knew
just what to do, and I wrapped my legs around his ass as he pushed his cock
into my pussy.

He fucked me hard for about five minutes and then he came in my pussy.  I
couldn't wait for the next guy to slide his hard cock into my cum-filled
pussy, and as Ricky got up, I whispered, "next."  I whispered so that he
wouldn't be able to tell who I was by my voice, and he didn't look shocked,
so I guess it worked.

I laid on that bed as each of the five guys fucked me.  By the time they
were through, my pussy was really sloppy from all of their cum.  In between
guys, I stuck my fingers in my pussy and sucked some of the cum off of
them.  When the last guy was done with me, I followed him back out to the
living room.

Three of the guys had left, but Bob, Ricky, and the guy I'd just fucked
were still there.  I walked over to Ricky and stroked his cock.  It started
to get hard, so I dropped to my knees and took him in my mouth.  When he
was fully hard, I took his hand and led him around the back of the couch.
Then I bent over the back of the couch and pulled my ass cheeks apart.

At first he put his cock in my pussy, but I pushed him back until his cock
fell out.  I looked up at Bob for some help.  I wanted Ricky's cock in my
ass, and if I had to ask him to do it, I would.  I guess I had stopped
caring if they found out who I was, and I was just about to tell him to
fuck my ass, when Bob said, "I think she wants it in her ass!"

I nodded my head at Ricky, and he placed the head of his dick at my
asshole. God, he took forever!!  He finally started easing it into me, but
soooo slowly that I couldn't stand it anymore.  I pushed back against him
as hard as I could, and finally, I felt his cock slide all the way in.  I
guess Ricky got the idea, because he really started to fuck me hard after
that.  I had to bite on my thumb to keep from telling him how good it felt!

Well, Ricky shot his cum up my butt, and then the other guy took his place.
God I love to be fucked in my ass!!!  There isn't anything like it!!  I
only wished their cocks were a little bigger.   I took another load of cum
in my ass, and then Ricky and Al (the guy who'd just finished fucking me)
left.

As soon as they were out the door, I started to take off my wig and mask,
but Bob stopped me.  He said that I should leave the mask on for a little
while. Then he led me over to Mary's dining room table and told me to get
on my back on the table.  I did as Bob asked and when I was up there, he
pulled me to the edge and lifted my legs straight up.  Then he pushed his
cock into my ass!  I placed one foot over each of his shoulders and just
laid back and enjoyed the feeling of his big cock sliding in and out of my
asshole.  He started to ask me how I liked his cock in my ass, and he
called me Candy.  I could tell he was getting off on pretending that I was
some one else, so I played along. "Oh yea baby, fuck your Candy's ass!"  He
kept calling me Candy and telling me what a slut I was.  I didn't care who
he called me as long as he kept fucking me.  He was really doing me too.  I
was afraid that we might break Mary's table!  I fucked my pussy with my
fingers as Bob pounded my ass.  I brought myself off just before Bob told
me he was going to cum, and I told him to do it in my mouth.  He pulled me
off the table and onto the floor, and I just had time to wrap my lips
around his cock before he shot a huge load of cum into my mouth.  I still
remember sucking the last bit of cum from his beautiful hard cock as he
said, "Swallow it Candy."   I wish his cock was in front of me right now!

Afterwards I asked him who Candice was.  He said that it was a girl he'd
emailed some of my stories to, and that he'd been fantasizing about her.
So, if you read this Candice, I enjoyed being you.

God, it was hot fucking the guys I work with!!  I wish that I could let
them know it was me, but that wouldn't be smart.  If I could just be sure
that they wouldn't tell anyone else....

I guess that's it for now.  I hope you'll jack off thinking of me taking
Ricky's cock up my ass.  I know that's what I'm going to do right now; or
maybe I'll go see if Jim will help me.

Love, Bobbi

P.S. I've been thinking of posting a picture of myself.  I have one of me
running topless.  It isn't very good quality, but it would give you an idea
of what I look like.  What do you think?  Would you like to see a black and
white photo of me running topless?  Let me know.
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Bobbi Sue's Adventure 19 (wife, slut) Date: Thu, 15 Aug 1996 16:07:43 UTC
From: an598218@anon.penet.fi (Bobbi Sue) Reply-To: an598218@anon.penet.fi
Organization: Anonymous forwarding service Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

***************************Warning*****************************************
**

Hi.  The material below is intended for adults only.  If you are under
eighteen years old, don't read any further.  Seriously, this is adult
material, describing in graphic detail, sexual acts between consenting
adults. If you think you may be offended by reading such material, stop
here.

Wednesday, August 14

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  For those of you who don't know me, I'm a short, blond-haired,
blue-eyed housewife.  I'm not very busty, but my 34A-22-34 firm, fit body
seems to be pleasing to the guys who get to see it.  I love showing off,
and I especially love being the object of attention.  I have taken on many
guys at a time, and I love to be totally filled with cock!

This past weekend I had a very interesting time, and I thought I'd share it
with you.  As most of you know, last week I met with and fucked six guys
from work.  I did it wearing a disguise, but it was pretty hot anyway.  All
last week, I got off on talking with the guys who had fucked me, knowing
they didn't know it was me.

Like I said, that was pretty hot, and you know I love to be hot!  But it
got me wishing that I could have a regular group of guys that I could fuck
who would know who I was.  Well, this past weekend, I kind of stumbled into
a situation just like this.

I was out with Tom on Saturday afternoon, and we were visiting different
bars, when we stopped at a bar in a nearby town (a very small town about
thirty miles from where we live).  It wasn't very crowded, probably only
eight or nine guys there, and everybody noticed when we entered.  I was
dressed for fun.  I was wearing a short knit skirt and a halter top.  I
wasn't wearing any underwear (sorry to all of you guys who have requested
that I wear garters and stockings, but it has been pretty hot lately.  I do
love the looks I get from guys when I wear my garter belt, and I promise to
dress in stockings more often when it gets a little cooler), and my nipples
were hard and sticking through the fabric of my top.

Tom ordered us something to drink, and I saw that there was a pool table in
the back part of the bar.  There were two guys playing, and I walked over
to them and asked if I could play the winner.  They both were very
friendly, and said that I sure could play the winner.  I walked back over
to Tom and took my seat on a bar stool next to him.

It was a nice bar; it was not new, but was well kept up.  Most of the guys
were watching a game on the TV, which was on the other side of the room
from the bar.  I checked them out, and they all looked okay.  I mean, they
weren't all a bunch of grungy drunks or anything, and most of them looked
pretty nice. They all smiled at me, so I figured that they were friendly,
too.

Sitting on my bar stool, my skirt came down to the tops of my thighs.  The
stool swiveled, and I had turned towards the far wall in order to watch the
TV.  I knew that if I just parted my legs slightly, I would be able to
flash my pussy to any of the guys sitting at the tables in the bar.  So, I
did!  I moved my knees apart about one foot!  I didn't want anyone to have
to strain their eyes to see my pussy!  As I sat there like that, I swiveled
my chair around, offering everybody a chance to look up my skirt.  Well, no
one was watching the game after a while, and Tom looked pretty
uncomfortable.

Just then, one of the guys from the pool table came and got me.  He told me
that my game was up, so I got down off my stool and joined him at the pool
table.  I looked back at Tom and smiled to set him at ease, but it didn't
seem to help much.  He still gets a little uncomfortable when he watches me
with other guys.  Don't get the wrong idea!  Tom likes me to play around;
he just gets embarrassed about what the guys might think of him letting me
do it.  So I chalked my cue, noticing that all eyes were on me, as my
opponent broke the balls.

No balls dropped in the pockets on the break, so it was my turn.  There
were a couple of easy shots, but I was looking for a shot that would
require me to bend over in front of the guys in the bar.  I picked a bank
shot that allowed me to do just that!  I could feel the guys' eyes on my
ass as I bent forward to line up my shot.  God it was fun, as the hem of my
short skirt rode up baring the bottom of my ass!  I took my time with the
shot, too!  I wanted to make sure that every guy in there got a look.

I missed the shot, but I didn't care.  When I straightened up, I looked at
the guys in the room and smiled.  Guess what?  They all smiled back.  On my
next shot, I made sure to spread my legs a little so that they would also
be able to see my pussy!  I wanted them to know that I was there for them,
so as I bent over with my legs spread, I looked back over my shoulder at
them and smiled.

The guy I was playing with moved over to my side for my next shot.  I had
an idea, and I decided to act on it.  Just before I bent over for my shot,
I whispered to him, "I bet the fat end of that pool cue would feel really
good in my pussy.  Why don't you see if it will fit!"  Then I bent over,
exposing my pussy and ass to everyone in the bar.

Well, Bill (my opponent) took me at my word, and I felt something hard
enter my well-lubricated pussy.  I stopped trying to line my shot up and
lowered my elbows onto the pool table.  "Give me a little more," I told
him.  "Oh yea," I moaned as he slid the pool cue in as far as it would go.
"Now, fuck me with it!"

I looked back over my shoulder at the guys in the bar as they watched Bill
fuck me with his cue.  After that, a couple of the guys stood up and
approached me.  I greeted them with my friendliest "hello," and they asked
me my name.  "I'm Bobbi," I said.  "I'm here to have some fun, and I think
you can help."  As I talked to these guys, I let them run their hands over
my ass.

I watched Tom as they felt me up, and he looked really nervous.  So, to
save him from feeling funny, I decided that I'd let him go.  I told Bill to
pull the cue out of my pussy, and then I excused myself from my new three
friends, and walked back over to Tom.  I told him that he should leave me
at the bar. At first he protested, but I assured him that I would be just
fine.  I then instructed him to go out to the car and get me the box of
condoms from the glove compartment.  I had several in my purse, but I knew
I'd need more.

As Tom went to run his errand, I went back over to the pool table.  I
jumped up on to the table and sat there with my legs spread far apart.  In
a loud voice, I said, "I hope you guys can give me what I need.  I'm afraid
that I get incredibly horny sometines, and the only thing that helps is
lots of cock!"  I then stroked my new friends' cocks through their pants.

I had just unzipped the first guys pants, and was pulling his cock free,
when Tom walked back in with the box of condoms.  He walked right up to me
and handed them to me.  I told him to go home, and that I would be there
later. Then as he turned to walk away, I slid off the table to the floor
and sucked the first of many cocks into my mouth.

As I knelt there and watched Tom walk out the door, I knew it would be a
good day.  I took a break from sucking to ask the bartender if what I was
doing was okay.  He said it was, as long as I took care of him too.  "I
plan on taking care of everybody," I said as I picked up a condom from the
pool table.

I rolled it onto the guy I was sucking and then I stood back up. I pulled
my skirt up over my ass and bent over the pool table.  "Fuck me, baby," I
told the guy I'd just sucked hard.  I was in heaven as he slid his six-inch
cock into my pussy as all of his buddies looked on.  As he slowly fucked
me, I looked from one guy to the next, reveling in their lusty gazes.  I
peeled my halter top over my head to free my small breasts, and then I
asked, "Does anyone have anything I can suck on?"

Bill was the fastest, and in a matter of seconds he was kneeling on the
pool table in front of me.  I also didn't waste any time in swallowing his
big, hard cock down my throat.  His cock was only about five inches long,
but I bet it was almost that big around!  Anyway, it was really fat, and
I'm afraid that if it was any longer, I wouldn't have been able to get the
whole thing in my mouth.  As it was, my lips were stretched really tight as
he moved his hips back and forth, fucking my mouth.

I carried on like that until the guy in my pussy came.  Bill almost came
first, but I eased off on my sucking so that he'd be able to fuck me next.
When Bill took his pace in my pussy, another guy took Bill's place in my
mouth.  I swear, I love being skewered between two cocks!!  I get the most
incredible feeling sucking one guy's cock, while his friend fucks me from
behind!  I especially love it when there are other people watching me do
it!

Because I was with a bunch of complete strangers, I had them all put on
condoms when the fucked my pussy.  I would rather have felt all of their
cum making me really sloppy down there, but I didn't want to catch anything
either.  It was still fantastic to do all of those guys on the pool table
in the middle of the afternoon!  Apparently they had posted someone at the
door to watch for customers.  They had locked the door, but opened it for
regulars.

All in all, I ended up fucking eleven guys, right there on the pool table.
I sucked them all until they were good and hard, and then I let every one
of them have a turn in my pussy!

After the last guy was done with me, I straightened back up, pulled my
skirt down, and put my halter top back on.  Then I asked if anyone cared to
buy me a drink.  Well, as you can imagine, I had no trouble getting a free
drink.  I hung around at the bar for the rest of the afternoon, playing
pool and getting to know the guys.  It was great!  They all knew what kind
of slut I was, and they weren't afraid to stroke me, or talk dirty to me.
I told them how much fun they were, and asked if they'd like me to become a
regular.

Of course they said yes.  I laid down a couple of ground rules.  I told
them that whenever I was there, they should feel free to touch me however
and wherever they wanted; that if any of them wanted a blowjob, all they
had to do was ask; and that if they wanted to fuck me, they should just do
it!

Then as I was asking for a ride home, one of the guys walked up to me and
pulled me to the edge of my bar stool and spread my legs.  He told me to
give him a rubber (which I did), and then he pulled his cock out, rolled
the rubber on, and stepped forward, sliding his hard cock into my pussy.  I
put my arms around his neck and held on as he fucked me until he came.

Well, he started something, and most of the other guys lined up to follow
his lead!  Six of the eleven guys fucked me like that!  It was incredibly
hot being fucked by one guy, and looking over his shoulder to see the
others lined up waiting their turns!  It was especially hot when the guy
who was fucking me was really giving it to me.  I had a hard time keeping
focused on the guys in line, because with each hard thrust my head would
snap forward.  I could tell that they appreciated the way I looked at them,
though!

When the six guys had had their turns, I again asked for a ride home, and
this time I got one.  Bill gave me a ride, and we had a good talk.  I gave
him my phone number at home and told him to give me a call in a couple of
weeks.  I made sure to let him know that I was only interested in gang
bangs, and only public ones in the bar.  Then for the rest of the ride, I
sat facing him and finger-fucked myself.

When he pulled in my driveway, I could see Tom standing in front of the
living room window.  I waved at him, and then I moved over to Bill and
stoked his cock.  He wasn't one of the guys who'd fucked me the second
time, and his short, fat cock was nice and hard.  I moved my head between
his legs and took him into my mouth.  I sucked his fat cock for a couple of
minutes, knowing that Tom was waiting for me inside.  God it made me
horny!!

When I came up for air, I saw Tom, still standing in the window.  I also
noticed that my neighbor's car was in his driveway, and I knew what I
wanted to do.  I wanted that short, fat cock in my ass!!  I told Bill to
zip up and follow me.  I led him over to my neighbor's house and knocked on
the door. When he answered I pushed my way in, leading Bill by the hand.
"Get me some grease!" I ordered.  I dropped to my knees and pulled out
Bill's cock as my neighbor went and got the K-Y jelly.  When he came back
into the room, I took Bill's cock from my mouth and said, "Grease up my
asshole, baby!  I want this guy's fat cock in my ass!"  My neighbor
(Thomas) went to work and smothered my pink asshole in K-Y- jelled.  He
started by finger-fucking my ass, and kept it up until he had all four
fingers and his thumb in me up to his knuckles.

I told Bill to lie on the floor, and then I positioned my ass above his
cock. I was facing his feet as I pushed down onto his fat dick.  I used all
of my 105 pounds to force that thick piece of meat inside of my tight
asshole. Finally, he impaled me and I came immediately!!  I rested for a
second and then I started to move up and down.  God what a thick piece of
meat he had!!! I motioned for Thomas to feed me his cock, then I rode Bill
as Thomas fucked my face.

Bill fucked me to another orgasm, and then he let loose with his load.  I
told my neighbor to jack off on my face, and after about a minute of me
urging him to, "Shoot your cum on my face," he did.  Then I got up off of
Bill's cock and walked towards the door.  Thomas called after me, "Where
are you going?", but I just opened the door and left.

I walked over to my house and walked in the door.  I wanted Tom to see the
cum on my face before it all dripped off!  I told him that I had just been
fucked in my ass, and asked him if he wanted to put his cock in there, too.
He didn't say anything, but he stripped and bent me over the back of the
couch and rammed his nice, long, hard cock into my loose asshole.  It felt
fabulous as he slammed his cock into me!!  After only about thirty seconds
he told me he was going to cum.  I wanted to taste him, so I begged him to,
"cum in my mouth, baby."  Tom gave me what I needed.  He fed me his cock
just as the thick, white cum I love so much began filling my mouth.

Later, I fucked Tom again as I told him about the scene in the bar.  He
really does like me to act the way I do.  I think it may turn him on as
much as it does me!  At any rate, I'm glad he likes me to fuck other guys,
because I would have a hard time giving it up!

So, that's what I did this weekend!  I'd love it if you jacked off thinking
about me with all of those guys.  Why don't you try to picture me sitting
on the edge of my barstool with my legs spread wide, my pussy dripping, as
you step up and slide your hard eight inch cock into me!  But don't cum
inside of me!  You know how bad I want to taste it!

Love, Bobbi
--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi For
information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi If you
have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi Subject:
Bobbi Sue's Adventures 20 (exhib, wife) Date: 23 Aug 1996 15:36:34 GMT
From: Bobbi Sue <an100013@maedata.com> Organization: Northern Extremes
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Hi.  The following story contains sexually explicit material.  If you
aren't old enough to read on, then don't.  If you are offended by sexually
explicit material, then you wouldn't want to read any further.

Friday, August 23

Hi Everybody,

It's Bobbi.  I'm sorry that I haven't written for so long, but as usual,
I've been pretty busy.  For those of you who don't know me, I'm 30 yrs old,
5'1", 105 lbs, blond shoulder-length hair, blue eyes, 34A-22-34.  I stay in
shape by running, weight-lifting, and roller-blading.  I get my share of
looks from the guys, and I like that a lot!  I do all that I can to show
off my body, and I love taking on more than one guy at a time.

I've been busy at work, but also busy in bed.  In the last couple of weeks,
I've probably had over twenty guys, and I've been to bed with my friend
Mary twice.  At work I've been really teasing the guys in the lunch room.
I like to go in there at break time and bend over to get a pop out of the
refrigerator.  I've been wearing short, light summer dresses to work with
thong panties, and when I bend over I make sure they get a look at my ass.
I always act like I don't know that I've just flashed my ass to them, and I
get really hot sitting there talking to them after I've done it.  I've also
been fucking two guys at work regularly (Bob and Jim), sometimes both at
once.  I love being stuffed full of cock, and I can't think of anything
better than having a hard cock slamming into my pussy as another slides
down my throat!

Because I don't have very much time right now, I thought I'd relate the
hottest thing that happened to me in the last two weeks.  It's a toss up
really, because there were two really hot times.  I'll briefly tell you
about the first one, and spend a little more time on the second one.

The first happened at work last week.  I decide to dress up (the usual
dress is casual), so I wore a white, short knit dress with white stockings,
garter and lace panties, and low white heels.  I went into the lunch room
as usual at break time, and bent over as usual.  I love the way the room
gets really quiet when I bend over.  I knew that the guys had seen my
stocking tops and garter, and from the looks on a couple of their faces,
they must have liked what they saw.

Anyway, as I was leaving the break room, I put my empty pop can in the
case, which is on the floor.  As I bent forward, I could feel the air on my
ass, and I knew they could see everything but my pussy.  Then I
straightened up and walked back to my office.  Well, one of the guys
followed me!  His name is Eric, and he is kind of young, but really
good-looking.  Anyway, he just followed me to my office, and  without
saying anything, he followed me in and walked right up to me.

I was a little startled when he reached down and put his hand between my
legs and rubbed it across my pussy.  When he pulled his hand away from my
wet pussy he said, "I knew it."  Then he grabbed me and spun me around!  He
pushed me forward over my desk, and the next thing I knew, he was forcing
his cock into my pussy.  It went in okay, because I was so wet, but it was
still a tight fit.  I struggled a little, but I was really enjoying the
feeling of his hard cock inside of me.

Eric didn't say a word as he fucked me.  He was fucking me hard, too!  I
guess he was raping me, but I didn't mind!  Actually, his reaction was what
I'd hoped for ever since I started flashing the guys at work.  And now I
was getting what I deserved!  Eric didn't last long, and almost as suddenly
as it happened, he was pulling out of me.  I must have been a sight,
sprawled forward on my desk with my dress pulled up to my waist, my panties
pulled to one side, cum leaking from my pussy.

Eric told me that I should expect the same treatment if I decided to tease
him again; that what had happened was really all my fault.  I could tell
that he was feeling really guilty about what he'd done to me.  I hadn't
really had time to get into it before he came inside of me, so I guess he
didn't know that I enjoyed it at least as much as he had.  I saw the
opportunity to keep my reputation intact, as long as I didn't let him know
that he'd just given me what I wanted.

I told him that I was sorry for teasing him, and that I was only having a
little harmless fun.  I told him that I knew that I deserved what I'd
gotten, and I asked him to please keep it a secret.  Well, I could see the
relief on his face!  I had just justified his act for him, and made myself
appear to be the guilty one.

I stood up and straightened my dress.  I told Eric that I'd try to be
better in the future.  He was feeling pretty confident by then, but still a
little guilty, and he asked me if he'd hurt me.  I shyly told him that it
really hadn't hurt, and that in fact, I had kind-of enjoyed it.  I begged
him not to tell anyone about it, and he seemed relieved that I wasn't going
to tell anyone.  Then he left.  As soon as he was gone, I brought myself
off by rubbing my clit.

After that day, I have been a little more conservative with my flashing (at
least when Eric is around), but I intend to get him to "rape" me again.

Now, onto the other thing that happened.  I think you'll like this one.  I
was at a pool party at Mark and Mary's house last Sunday.  There were a lot
of people there, men and women, and the party lasted well into the night.
I wore a tiny white bikini, the kind that goes a little transparent when it
gets wet. I was a little unsure of how I could act at the party.  They were
all Mark and Mary's friends, and I didn't know how they might react if I
was too uninhibited, so I played it kind-of cool.  I did go swimming a
couple of times, but when I got out, I covered up with a towel until my
suit dried. Otherwise, everyone would have been able to see through my
suit.

I guess I got a little bit drunk as the night wore on.  Tom (my husband)
tried to get me to leave, but I made him leave without me.  A lot of people
left, but there were still several couples and some single friends of
Mark's there well after dark.  It was a warm night, so I was still only
wearing my bikini, and I decided to go swimming one last time.

All day long I had been thinking of a letter I'd once read in Penthouse
Forum. It was written by a woman who had attended a pool party in a bikini
like mine, only more revealing.  She had jumped in the pool and then laid
on a lounge chair with her legs spread.  Apparently, everyone could see
every detail through her wet suit.  I remember reading that she had wished
that the guys at the party would have fucked her, in front of everyone!
Well, that thought kept going through my head, and as I was swimming, I
looked around at who was left.

There were Mary and Mark, two other couples who seemed to be fairly loaded,
and four single guys who were also pretty loaded.  I guess we were all
feeling the effects of a lot of drinks.  I was super horny, and when I
climbed from the pool, I walked over by the group of four guys and laid
down on a chaise lounge with my legs spread.  When they noticed me, I
pulled my bikini bottoms up so that the material formed closely to my
pussy.

One of the guys walked over and stood next to me.  He was pretty wasted,
and not inhibited at all as he said, "God Dam you're fine!  How about
showin' me a little more?"  I looked up at him and said, "Would you like to
see my tits?" and then I pulled my top over my head.  "Now, why don't you
show me something?" I asked.

We were starting to attract attention, especially when he pulled down his
shorts, revealing a semi-hard cock.  Well, I was just too horny to let the
opportunity pass.  I sat up and took him down my throat!  As I worked his
cock over, everybody gave us their full attention.  Even the women were
watching me suck this guys cock!  That made me even hotter, and I took a
break to ask if anyone else wanted their cock sucked!  In no time, all of
the single guys and Mark were standing around me with their cocks out!  I
moved from one to the next as Mary and the two couples watched me take one
and then another cock in my mouth.

I was enjoying all of that meat in my mouth, but what I really wanted was
for someone to fuck me!  I told one of the guys to lie down, and as soon as
he did, I ripped my bikini bottoms off and lowered myself onto his hard
cock. Then I motioned for one of the guys to step up in front of my face.
God I loved having those couples watching as I sucked that beautiful cock
into my mouth. I especially liked looking the women in their eyes while the
guys fucked my mouth.

I ended up fucking and sucking all of the single guys and Mark.  I asked
the married guys if they wanted a turn, but they both declined.  I knew
that their wives thought I was a real slut, but I didn't care!  I even
asked the women if I could do anything for them!  Unfortunately, they
declined that offer too. They were interested in watching me though.  They
stayed until I'd fucked the five available guys, and even gave me a round
of applause when I was done!

So, that's what I've been up to.  I went a step further at work today, too.
I'm wearing a thin, short cotton dress with nothing under it.  In the break
room today, I made sure to position myself in front of the window, so the
light would outline my body for the guys.  I couldn't bend over as far as
usual, or they would have been able to see my pussy (and I like to keep
them guessing), but I imagine they could tell from the lack of any panty
lines that I was naked under my dress.  I got soooo incredibly horny, I had
to use all of my self-restraint to keep from inviting them all to my office
for a turn in my pussy.  I am going to lunch with Bob and Jim in  a little
while, and I expect that I'll end up as the middle part of a sandwich.

Love, Bobbi

P.S.  I have a new mail address (an100013@maedata.com).  Your replies to me
will no longer be anonymous, but I'll be able to get and receive mail much
more quickly.