

                                New Girl inn Town

                                       BY
                                  L J J Hanson
                                  ------------
                                 Copyright 1989

PROLOGUE

       He was watching her the day the strangers moved into the old McNeely
house.  It was a large, rambling house: Mr. McNeely had spent a lifetime
adding onto the old house until it looked like a strange hodgepodge of
strangley connected rooms.  Others in the neighborhood thought Mr. McNeely was
a strange, evil man.  He was a loner, but he had been my best friend.  My
mother couldn't understand what a nineteen year old boy could have in common
with a decrepit 53 year old man.  A man, who by the looks of it, never went to
work.  To me, though, he had been my teacher...I was his apprentice and he
taught me some very intense things.  More about what he taught me later.  For
now, let me tell you about the new girl that was moving in.
       I was looking through my front window, so I couldn't get a really good
look.  But she looked pretty hot.  My guess was that she was about 18 or 19
years old.  She had dark, red hair that fell down in loose curls to her
shoulders.  She looked like she was a little tall for her age, but she didn't
look too thin.  In fact, the more I looked, the more I liked. She was wearing
a tight pair of running shorts and a Hard Rock t-shirt.  She seemed to have a
pretty nice set of tits - at least a pair of 36D's.  Pretty nice set of tits
for such a young looking face.  Nice round, little ass.  I could see her hot
asscheeks pouring through the extremely tight shorts, and you could tell that
those shorts wouldn't last too much longer: this girl was still growing - in
all the right places.
        I couldn't stop staring at her.  But it would only be a matter of time
until somebody notices me, I thought.  It was then that I resolved that I
would get to know this sweet, young babe very intimately - and she would do
nothing to stop me.  I started making plans.


CHAPTER ONE


        My goal was clear and direct: I needed to have her under my firm
control.  You see, I'm a curious kind of guy, and there was something about
this girl that intrigued me.  Maybe it was just those tits, or that ass, but I
knew that I could not sleep well until I had my chance to check her out
completely.  And the way I explore is seldom appreciated by the subject, so a
truly thorough job requires severe restraint to control the girl.
        Al McNeely was the man who showed me how to solve these kind of
problems.  I first met Al when I was about 14 years old.  I was pretty much on
my own at that age.  My fucking parents were drunk most of the time and didn't
seem to care about what I did...as long as I wasn't caught by the cops.  Well,
anyways, I was looking around the neighborhood for a house to bust into when I
ended up at Al's.  I was poking around, when the back door slammed open and Al
came out with a gun.  He motioned me into the house with the gun and said,
"Get in here right now, punk.  Or I'll blow your fucking brains out!"
        What could I do?
        I went in.  Al led me to the basement and told me to sit.  The room
was dark but I could tell this was no ordinary basement.  Al said, "I know
you, kid.  You live up the street, don't you...Yeah, I've heard about you.
Think you wanna rob this place now?"
        Before I could answer, he said "Come here kid, I want you to see
something.  Come on..."
        Al stepped into a doorway and unlocked the door with a ring from his
belt.  The first thing I saw was a girl in the middle of the room under a pair
of bright, hot lights.  Her wrists were bound tightly together and both were
pulled up towards the ceiling by a rope on a pulley.  Al basically had her
hanging in the air...she was stretched pretty good.  I could see her muscles
quivering and cramping with the strain of hanging from her wrists.  Her ankles
were secured by straps bolted into the floor and the spreader bolts had
stretched her legs so that her cunt and ass were completely accessible by
hand, dildo or cock.
        She was a lovely girl.  Al had called her Monica and said she was only
18 years old.  She had a very sweet body:a pair of 38-C tits, a nice shapely
ass and long, tight legs.  She had once looked sweet and innocent but now she
was looking scared and in pain.  Al walked up to her and grabbed her long,
curly blond hair in a fist and yanked hard.  "Brought a visitor, baby.  He's
gonna see a really nice show, too.  Remember what happened last night, bitch!
Well, you're gonna get it again and worse!"
        Al quickly shoved a long dildo gag into her mouth.  She struggled, but
Al skillfully forced her mouth open and shoved the dildo deep until her mouth
was too stuffed to scream.  By the look in Monica's eyes, I could tell that
she knew what was coming when Al pulled a long piece of thin nylon rope out of
his jacket pocket .  The girl hopelessly struggled, she even tried shaking her
tits wildly, straining to avoid the pain of the ropes.  But Al, like an old
pro, deftly grabbed a tit by gripping her left nipple in a tight vise-like
grip and pulling her tit out, away from her chest.  Monica screamed when Al
stretched her firm young tit to its fullest length.  Al ignored the feeble
moanings coming from the gag and slowly ties her tit with the rope.  He wraps
the rope tight, making her tit bulge out like a balloon.  The large, erecting
nipple points out proudly, just begging for attention.  And that was one nice
thing about Monica, she had very large nipples - at least one inch long and
almost one half inch thick.  Big nipples, perfect for clamping.
        Al, however, was tying up her right tit in the same tight bondage.
Monica's tits were really starting to hurt now.  And the poor girl knew from
previous experiences that the pain in her tortured hoots would only get more
painful as time went by.  After tying her tits tightly, Al abused her nipples
with sharp clamps.  He grabbed a nipple, rubbed between his fingers and even
bent down to suck it once or twice.  After he got it nice and hard, he slipped
a sharp-toothed clamp over her nip and screwed it down.  Monica was soon
squirming again, as she felt the awful clamp bite into her tender nipple
flesh.  Her poor nipple was severely clamped and almost pierced by the sharp
teeth of the clamps.  Al tightened a clamp around her other nipple, even
tighter.  Monica just hung there, her tits burning with pain, wondering if the
tight ropes and the severe nipple clamps would force blood out through her
tortured tit-tips.
        Al wasn't done with her tits, however.  He attached a length of twine
to the end of each nipple clamp and looped this twine through another set of
pulleys hanging from the ceiling.  By hanging weights onto the end,he could
force the clamps to slowly starting lifting Monica's tits towards the ceiling.
With enough weights on, her tits could eventually point straight up.  And the
clamps on her nipples were designed to pinch tighter as the pull on the rope
increased.  Al stuck a few weights and sighed with satisfaction as he worked a
response out of the poor girl.  As more weight was added, her nipples were
further crushed by the cruel teeth of the clamps.  Her tits were being pulled
up and stretched out.  She moaned with agony and helplessly shook in her
bonds.  Every move she made, though, only made here tits bounce & quiver more.
        Just watching this girl having her tits abused really turned me on.  I
could feel a bulge growing in my pants as my eyes took in the sight of a young
girl having her tits cruelly tortured.  This was the most pain her young,
developing body had ever felt.  And I liked seeing that.  I noticed that Al
had been watching closely for a reaction from me.  So, to show him how I felt,
I walked up to where the girl hung from the ropes.  I slid my hand up to her
tits and squeezed the heavy undersides.  I pinched and prodded the abused tit
flesh with my fingers.  I let my other hand slide down her back, from the top
of the shoulders down into her ass crack.  I fingered her asshole for a moment
and let my hand wander down even further.  I could feel her body shudder from
the dangerous grasp of my hands.  I stopped manipulating her breasts and
concentrated on the furred lips of her cunt.
        I looked over at Al and he just kind of looked at me with a "Be my
guest" look.  With his approval, I went into full action.  By this time, my
left hand had been rubbing her slickening cunt lips while my right toyed with
her clit.  After a little time, Monica, much to her shame, began to juice
noticably.  Her pussy was getting turned on from my touch, even though her
tits were still feeling the worst pain of her life and realizing that her
wetting cunt was proof of how much she liked this, she hung her head in shame.
Monica wondered, "How could I be getting so hot?  Here I am getting tortured
by a couple of maniacs, and my body seems to like it!"
        Monica may have been surprised, but Al wasn't.  He was pretty
experienced with this kind of stuff, and he knew that after a few days of
severe physical pain, combined with a lack of sleep and the added
psychological pressure of not knowing how long she would live, most girls
ended up turning onto the pain.  Humans are wonderfully adaptable.  Put a
young girl without any experience of hetero sex in an environment of strict
bondage and severe discipline, and she would eventually respond by learning to
get turned on with pain.  "If you get em young enough," says Al, "you can
train them to accept anything.  And there are plenty of men in this world who
will pay plenty for a well trained young teen."
        As I was to learn, Al never needed a 9 to 5 job because he made his
living by training new sex slaves and selling them to the highest bidder. It's
a great job with alot of percs, when you think about it.  You get your pick of
all the sweet meat around, get to abuse and fuck them repeatedly and then sell
them off when you're finished.  If you get a really good one, you can keep her
around for a little longer and then sell her when she doesn't scream as much
as she used to.
        Monica's pussy was really creaming now, and my rubbing and pinching
had slowly pushed her beyond a mere wettening: she was softly moaning with
pleasure, and moving her hips against my thrusting hand.  I had slipped three
fingers at once into her tight cunt while my other hand rubbed her clit and
fingered her pretty pink lips.  She was sooning coming against my hand, but my
fingers kept on working while her cunt flooded my hands with its juice.  I
kept working on her cunt till she had finished coming.  I could tell that the
force of her cum had drained her.  She now hung very limply in the ropes - all
resistance was gone from her body.  The pleasure, along with the pain to
heighten it, had finally broken her independent will.  Al and I could now do
as we pleased with her.  And we did.
        Al walked over to a cabinet, opened it and reached for something in
the back.  He had picked up a riding crop and brought it to me.  "You handled
her cunt pretty good, but can you give this little slut what she really needs?
I wanna see you whip her, especially the tits.  Remember to concentrate on the
undersides of her hoots, that's where they're most sensitive.  Do this and you
prove to me that you're ready to join my little club."
        With these words of encouragement ringing through my ears, I took the
whip and approached poor Monica.  She hung there senselessly, oblivious to all
around her.  I soon changed that, though.  My first blow landed right on the
bottom of her big left tit.  The sudden shock of pain slowly brought her back
to life.  Her pain and agony intensified as I directed more blows to her body
and put more energy into every stroke of the crop.  She was soon shaking
again, with the gag frustrating her desire to release a really good scream. If
she could only scream, she would be able to release some of her agony.  But
being forced into a mumbling silence while being severely abused heightened
her sense of fear, pain and frustration.
        I kept whipping her writhing body, sometimes directing a lash to her
ass, back or thighs.  I even walked around her and whipped her reddening cunt
with the crop for a few minutes.  This attack provoked an even greater
response.  As the blows fell on her screaming pussy lips, Monica felt herself
starting to feel aroused again.  Every now and then, a blow fell on her clit
and even this abuse heightened her arousal.  She was soon coming again as I
kept the crop slamming into her twitching cunt.
        After 15 more minutes of whipping her, my arm grew tired and I put the
crop down.  I felt drained myself.  I had made this girl come three times with
her tits tied up.  I had even abused her cunt severely, but she managed to
come again.  What a good little girl, I thought.  I couldn't wait till Al
showed me what other things could be done to her.  It was at this time, with
my dick threatening to bust through my pants, that I decided to dedicate my
life to the challenge of following in Al's footsteps.  He had no son, and I
had no real parents, so it was a pretty good deal for the both of us.  It
didn't turn out good for Monica, though.  In his eagerness to show me the
tricks of the trade, Al took Monica into a more accelerated and intense
training format.  She would be introduced to new and more painful forms of
torture sooner and with more intensity than the average girl. She would have 9
months worth of pain in about three.
        Al was hungry, so we went to eat lunch in the kitchen. We just left
Monica hanging from the ropes, her tits still tied and clamped. As Al prepared
grilled cheese sandwiches, he told my about Monica's next encounter.  He
explained how much electricity can hurt a girl if it's flowing through her
cunt and tits.  With a few feet of wire, a fully charged car battery and some
strategically placed electric clamps, you could have a girl jumping and
screaming in seconds.  I eagerly awaited a demonstration of this new technique.

                                End of Capter One


Stay tuned to this board and wait for the eagerly anticipated second chapter.
