
                               Behind the 8 Ball

Up until recently I never gave a guy my own age the time of day; older men had
always been my favorites.  But that changed the other night when I went down
to a bar in my neighborhood.  As I walked in, I immediately spotted a very
cute guy, about my age.  I couldn't help but notice his perfectly rounded ass
encased in a skintight pair of Levi's.

I walked around the edge of the bar and leaned over the table.  As I leaned
over, I let him peer down my skimpy blouse to see my braless, 38-inch tits.

We introduced ourselves and began to play pool.  My first shot missed the ball
completely.  "Looks like you could use a little help, honey," Scott said.  He
slowly wrapped his arms around me, his hands lingering on my hips before
positioning me correctly.  "Just relax, and let me guide you," he whispered.
"Now aim slowly...."  He paused, then moved closer to me.  "Now shoot."  I
moved my hips so that they were brushing against his crotch, and, for a
second, I felt his swollen cock against my ass.  Naturally, when I shot, I was
too excited and missed.  Somehow, however, the 8 ball managed to drop into one
of the pockets.  As I watched it fall, Scott said, "You made the 8 ball.  That
means you lose the game, babe."

"Oh, well,"I shrugged,"how about a different ball game... at your place?"

Scott smiled and led me out the door to his car.  Ten minutes later we were
walking through the door of his house.  His hands lightly touched the skin of
my cheek and moved up to caress my neck and hair.  I felt as if I'd melt when
he began to unbutton my blouse and remove my skirt.  Within seconds we were
both naked and in each other's arms.

When Scott slowly moved his hands down to my hot cunt, my pussy dripped with
anticipation.  "Now just lie back and close your eyes,"he whispered while
genlty stroking my burning snatch.  I groaned when he kissed my furry opening.
But when I sat up to grab his face and force it into my waiting twat, I
noticed a man standing in the doorway!

I shrieked and grabbed my clothes.  "Don't mind me, honey.  I've been enjoying
the show."  His eyes moved to Scott, and he added, "Well, ol' bubby, would
three be a crowd or an added thrill?"

My eyes darted over to Scott.  He grinned and looked at me."  Well, Tony, if
she don't mind, it's okay with me.  I'm sure she could handle us."

Tony walked over to us and began to undress.  He wasn't as muscular as Scott,
but the bulge in his pants promised that he was quit a bit bigger.

I was more than slightly excited, but I was wondering if they were more than I
could take.  Tony pulled off his boxers to reveal the largest, fattest bone
I'd ever seen!  Scott pushed me back down and resumed his position between my
legs. He bent down to my dripping cunt and attacked my clit.  His tongue
fluttered over my treasure box, darting in and out.  I shook and squirmed but
noticed that Tony was nowhere in sight.  I didn't really care at that point,
however. The only thing that mattered was the feeling of Scott's slippery
tongue teasing my hole.  I could feel my body giving way to my passions, and I
knew that soon I'd come. Suddenly, the sensations stopped, and I opened my
eyes to see Tony pulling Scott away.  Tony got between my legs-right where
Scott had been just a second earlier-and pulled out a long vibrator.  I'd seen
them before but never had the courage to try them.  Tony stroked it across my
plump cunt lips and growled, "Ever had someone use one of these on you?
They're meant to drive women wild.  I think it's working already."

My muscles tightened and jerked as he thrust the new toy into my pussy.
"Please, please," I heard myself begging, "stop teasing me with that thing and
fuck me."

Tony said, "Okay, beautiful, but you'll have to roll over.  I like it
doggy-style."  Before Tony could finish, I was already on all fours.  I waited
eagerly for him to drive his cock into me, but all he did was rub the tip
around my opening until I finally begged him to ram it home.

Suddenly, there was a stabbing pain in my rearend. He was trying to fuck me in
the ass! I tried to pull away, but he held onto my hips.  "No, please," I
wailed, "I've never done this before." I was terrible frighten, but Tony never
hesitated.

"Just relax," said Scott, who now stood in front of me, "You'll enjoy it.  I
promise."  He held his stiff prick in his hand and rubbed it around my face
and across my lips.  The pain in my asshole slowly began to subside, and a
pleasing sensual warmth soon took its place as Scott pushed his rod between my
hips.  My cunt throbbed with excitement when Tony turned on the vibrator and
began to prod my burning clit.  I started to move in rhythm with Tony's
ass-humping, and Scott soon followed our lead.

Tony shoved deeper into my stretched opening and began to grunt.  With each
grunt he pushed harder until I felt him deep in my bowels.  My cunt ached for
a big, fat cock after being poked by the vibrator, and finally Scott got the
message.  He pulled his dick out of my mouth and got underneath me.  He
withdrew the vibrator from my love tunnel and aimed his log at my quim.

"Just relax, baby," he said with a smile and plunged into my slit.

"Oh, Scott," I pleaded," I can't handle both of you at once! Please, no!"  As
before, however, my pleas fell on deaf ears.  I squealed as Scott jammed his
dick into my cunt.  I was being stretched and caressed from every angel! Both
guys were grinding deep into me when I started to explode.  But even while I
came, they continued to plump into my tender walls.  The room started to spin,
and I began to lose consciousness when Scott groaned.

They flooded my orifices with hot sperm at the same time, and we all crumpled
to the floor.  After a few minutes I felt Tony ease out of me, and he gathered
up his clothes and ambled down the hall.  I didn't seem to have the strength.
When I fell back onto him, he wrapped his muscular arms around me, and we
slept, bathing in a glorious afterglow.

Scott's husky voice woke me hours later.  "How about a shower and a cool
drink, love?" he said."  And then later we can catch some waves on my
waterbed. You've only seen the living room so far!"  He smiled, and I couldn't
help but wonder if watersports would be as fun as playing pool....
