Archive-name: Bondage/beatup-1.txt
Archive-author: JT
Archive-title: A Very Unpredictable Girl !


     I like picking up different girls and screwing them the first
night.  Mostly all it takes to get 'em open-legged and 'sans panties' is
a bit of alcohol, other times they might need some bullshit lies and a
dose of verbal reassurance before they'll spin on my cock.  I never give
a shit about precautions, and with the amount of spunk I shove into 'em
I guess I must've spawned one or two along the way.  Over the years I
must've screwed hundreds of different girls, mainly from casual pick-ups
in discos or at parties, and I'd always been able to judge the right
moves to open 'em up.  Always, that is, until I happened to meet one
particular girl on a city disco floor.

     She was quite small, around five feet two inchs in her stockings
and very petite, with breasts that were only slightly larger than aver-
age for her size.  I'd danced with her for the final half-hour but she
remained very cool, even during the smoochy numbers.  So, although she'd
accepted my offer of a lift home, I was anticipating one or two minor
problems when it came to talking her out of her knickers.  Little did I
realise what a complete surprise she would soon turn out to be.

     When I took her home I discovered she lived alone in a small house
left to her by her grandparents, and was somewhat surprised when she
invited me inside for coffee.  After making me a cup of coffee she dis-
appeared upstairs, but my mouth dropped open when she came back down ten
minutes later wearing a flimsy bra-less lace-up camisole with no crotch
and hold up stockings.  Blessing my luck, I started to smile as she
moved closer.  She boldly walked over to the sofa, but I almost dropped
my cup when she spoke.

     "Hit me!"  She lifted her chin slightly as if to invite a blow.  I
treated it like a playful joke at first and tapped her lightly on her
cheek.

     "Don't be such a fucking wimp!"  There was disgust in her voice and
I was riled immediately.  I glared at her but she met my stare head on.
"Hit me I said!"  She sounded frustrated,  "Hard, with your fist, like
this!"  And she held up a clenched fist as an example.

     "Whatever turns you on!"  I thought to myself, and hit her on her
chin causing her head to momentarily bob backwards.

     "Harder!"  She said, sounding quite exasperated now,  "Come on,
don't be frightened, I want you to do it!"

     "Alright,"  I thought,  "Don't say you didn't ask for it!"  Screw-
ing my fist into a tight ball I punched her squarely in her face, making
her stagger backwards and causing a trickle of blood to start running
out of her nose.  At the time I thought that would shut her up so I
could get on with some serious fucking, but it was only the start!

     "That's better,"  She smiled as she licked the blood off her upper
lip,  "Now hit me really hard!"  As she spoke the last words I noticed
her hand settled on her pubic mound and the middle finger explore be-
tween her thighs.

     Not wanting to disappoint her again I took a step back before
swinging with most of my strength to smash my fist into her mouth.  The
force of the blow sent her falling backwards, and as she landed on the
carpet I heard a sharp thud when her head hit the floor.  My punch had
split her lip open and blood was running down the side of her face now.
I also noticed that her legs had swung open wide exposing a delicious
selection of goodies to play with, except that she was already playing
with them and furiously at that.

     "Now thump me in the tits just as hard!"  Her face was beginning to
swell up now and it sounded as though it was painful when she spoke.
But I was actually getting into the mood now so I got down and hit her
hard three or four times right on her nipples.  Each time I punched her
she gasped with pain and her body bounced off the floor.

     "More!"  She was shouting now,  "Beat me some more, you bastard!"
Well, I really laid into her this time, thumping her really hard in her
tits about ten times before hitting her twice in the stomach.  This made
her jump up until her head was almost upright, so I knocked her back
with my other fist, before wading in with both fists until her face was
a bloody mess.

     Suddenly her body started to shudder violently.  I couldn't believe
it!  After the pasting I had just given her, she was having one of the
most intense orgasms I've ever witnessed.  It took about a minute before
her spasms slowed then stopped altogether.  She then lifted her hands to
her breasts and winced as she tweaked the bruised nipples into erection.
Now her legs stretched open wider, making her puffy labia part to reveal
her very wet opening.

     "Now smash me in the cunt you fucking pig!"  She yelled, and yanked
her nipples hard before twisting them.  Call it blood lust if you like
but I was past caring now.  Pulling her legs up, I pressed my left arm
against the back of her knees to give me an open target, then brought my
right fist down with every ounce of strength I possessed to really smash
my hard knuckles into her soft undefended pussy flesh.

     "Oooooowwwrrrgghh!"  She gurgled through her bloody mouth as the
first blow landed, the force pushing her along the floor.  I moved so I
could stay in control and bludgeoned my tightly clenched fist into her
pulpy labia a second time.  She really yelped this time making me look
round, but she was still tugging at her nipples although her breasts had
turned blue with bruising.  I pushed her legs further back until her ass
lifted off the floor and I pressed my knee on her free arm to stop her
body from riding the blows.  Then, ignoring her yelps of pain, I repeat-
edly smashed my clenched fist into her cunt at least twenty or thirty
times until the whole area between her thighs was an angry reddish-blue
and swollen, and several blood blisters had begun to appear where some
of her weaker veins couldn't take my vicious pounding.

     "Oh, Yeah!"  She shouted,  "Now FUCK ME hard you vicious bastard, I
want to feel I've been really fucked after this.  Go on stick it in, dig
it in deep, try and give me a good fucking, you spineless bastard!"  Her
insult immediately brought another swift punch smashing into her exposed
cunt.  "Yeooooaarrgghh!"  She yelped,  "You're working...me over... so
good! Go on now....do it! Fuck me...ouowgh...hard! Hurt me some...more!
I don't...ooowhhh...fucking care! Do...any..thing! Gimme-a...baby! Gimme
some...good...oowwgh...fucking diseases!"  She was trying to gather her
breath to shout.  "I...DON'T GIVE...A FUCKING SHIT!  Be a...MAN...just..
get into...my hole and...aaarrgh...FUCK IT INTO ME!!"

     "Fucking hell!"  I thought,  "She's the kinkiest piece of ass I've
ever met!"  Unzipping fast I undid my trousers and pushed them and my
shorts down to my knees together.  My cock was already rock hard and
instead of bothering with the usual niceties I jammed it roughly against
her battered cunt, making her scream in pain.  By the sound of her scream
I must've really caused some good damage to her crotch yet couldn't care
less as I forced the swollen flesh to part enabling me to sink inside
her and push my cock all the way up to the root.  Amazingly she seemed
to overcome the pain and was now trying to pull her nipples off, twist-
ing them and jerking upwards with both her hands.  I got angrier still.

     "I'll deal with your fucking tits!"  I roared, in a sexual rage
now, and smashed her hands out of the way with my fists before merci-
lessly beating her bruised tits until they were swollen to almost twice
normal size and had turned blue-black.  Then I hit her low down in the
stomach and followed it up with a hard right hand smash to the side of
her mouth.  This last blow knocked her head sharply to one side, split-
ting her lip again and blood splattered across the carpet.

     My own blood was roaring through my veins now, creating a need in-
side to totally dominate this cheap little slut.  "You fucking bitch
whore!  I screamed at her,  "You'd better not be using any birth control
or I'll break your scrawny fucking neck!"  She remained silent so I
thumped her again in the stomach.  "Answer me you no-good fucking slut
cow!"  I demanded, jerking my cock hard inside her.  "Nooo..."  Was all
she gurgled so I smacked her a good one in her damaged tits.  "Whaddya
mean 'no'!"  I was shouting at her.

     "Are you on the pill?"  She shook her head. "Dutch Cap? Coil? IUD?
Sponge?"  She kept on shaking her head.  I hit her again.  "Fucking
bitch! Don't think you can fucking well fool me!"  Another slow shake of
the head.  "I bet you're on some kind of lousy pill you fucking little
cheat!"  I thumped her again, hard.  "Now tell me properly you fucking
cow!"  I roared.  "Noooooooo!"  She moaned.  "There's noth-ing!"  She
stuttered through bloodied lips.  "I prom-ise you there's NOTHING!

     Her pain-filled eyes met mine.  "I'm com-plete-ly un-pro-tected!
HON-EST-LY!  She moaned as I thumped her again in the stomach.  "Just do
it!....Cum off and shoot everything inside me!....I swear to God I'm not
on any pill or anything!....Just spunk it right up me!  I hit her again
and could see the pain in her eyes as she pleaded with me.  Please don't
kill me!  I swear to God I'm not us-ing any kind of birth con-trol!...I
prom-ise its the truth!"  I stared straight into her eyes and shoved my
cock in hard up against her cervix, then thumped the more bruised one of
her tits, causing her to squeal in pain.  I didn't want her looking at
me, so I back-handed her face until her head lay on its side and her
eyes stayed closed.  She was dazed and moaning, and rambled through her
bloodied mouth as I bashed my cockhead against her womb. "Spunk me...
no pill ...promise...cum in me...don't care...fuck...don't care...baby
...dis....any..thing...don't..care....do..me..."

     Her hands lay limply at her sides now and she lay still, moaning at
each hard thrust as I kept trying with my rock-hard cock to cause her
some internal pain.  I carried on like that for a few minutes, every now
and then thumping her breasts or stomach to remind her I was in control.
Inevitably, the familiar stirring in my groin told me I was about to
cum, so I lifted her legs right back to allow me the deepest penetra-
tion.  Then I rammed forward with all my might, trying to force the cer-
vical entrance to her womb to give way before my hot seed started pour-
ing into her.

     "Aaaaarrrgghh!"  I cried out, as my fertile sperm gushed into her
uterus.  Heightened spasms racked through me as each pulse of ejaculate
spurted, filling the little slut's cunthole with proud male seed. I felt
angry 'cos I'd done her a favour she didn't deserve so I brought my left
fist crashing into the side of her half-conscious head, sending blood
flying everywhere, her lip having been split yet again.  "There, take it
all!"  I yelled.  "Get good and pregnant you fucking little whore-bitch
piece of shit!"  I felt good after that.  She could do nothing but just
lie there and take all my sperm, totally unable to stop me ejaculating
quality spunk into her womb.  With every spurt I jammed my cock right up
inside her cervix and rolled it around to spread my sperm inside.  Want-
ing her unprotected and beaten reproductive organs to work properly just
this once.  Yeah, just this once I longed to get my seed working inside
her...really wanted to get this fucking little slut good and fertilised.
Yeah, a few months of fat belly would teach this fucking no-good slut
bitch to mind her manners whenever men are around!

     Using her thighs for support I held myself deep inside her belly
until the last few spurts had finished and the spasms had finally sub-
sided.  My heart was still beating fast.  I kept pushing my cock into
her and squeezing myself to get every last bit of seed into her body.
Then I relaxed slightly and waited until I felt my cock slipping out of
her fuck-tube before pushing myself off her.  I let her legs drop back
with a thud, then belted her low in the stomach where I thought her womb
should be before finally sitting back onto the sofa panting with exhaus-
tion.

     She lay there moaning for about twenty minutes before I saw her
attempt to move.  As she turned her head she coughed and spat a mouthful
of blood onto the floor, then slowly brought her arm and one leg round.
As she did so I could see between her legs.  Through my semen smears her
cunt was horribly bruised and swollen.  She struggled painfully until
she managed to reach a kneeling position.   Grabbing hold of the sofa
arm she tried to stand up but dropped back onto her knees, her lumpy
battered face screwed up with pain.

     After several more attempts she tried to speak through her bloodied
swollen lips.  "P-p-please...help...me...get...to...the...bathroom."
She sounded very contrite now. "S-s-sorry..but..I..can't..manage..it..by
....myself."

     Feeling calmer now, I put her arm round the back of my neck and
pulled her upright, causing her to yell out loud.  Then slowly she
started to move her legs in time with mine, and I eventually managed to
half-drag her up the stairs and into the bathroom.  She grabbed hold of
the basin to avoid falling over and stood there swaying for about a
minute, before turning on the tap and bending to splash her face.  She
wetted a face cloth, and after holding the wet cloth to her face for a
few seconds she rung it out under the tap.  Then she turned to the mir-
ror and kept dabbing at the blood as it ran out of her lips, mouth and
nose.

     "Hmmm...."  She grimaced,  "Five or six weeks should get me back to
near normal if nothing's too damaged inside, and by some fucking miracle
I haven't been made pregnant this time..."  I immediately realised it
had not been her first such experience.  Her eyes turned and she spoke
to my reflection.  "I thought I'd judged you right in the disco.  You've
got a helluva mean vicious sadistic streak in you.  I like to see that
in a man....can't stand wimps...."

     "I wasn't aware it was there before tonight!"  I answered,  "But
you goaded me and that got me mad."  As I looked at her I saw her eyes
were almost smiling through the pain.

     "Oh, that was deliberate."  She turned her head.  "Listen, you'd
better go now so I can try and sort myself out.  Take my number off the
phone before you leave and call me in a few weeks, then I'll show you
how much I can really take!  If I am pregnant you'll probably have to
beat an abortion out of me...that is, if you're up to it...and tonight
hasn't put you off!"

     I walked out and left her there, and it was only then that I felt
concerned enough to care.  But when I phoned her the next day she first
told me to piss off and stop being a fucking wimp, then she relaxed and
quietly said to call her in about six weeks.   Well, its now seven weeks
since that first time and, yes you've guessed it, I'm meeting her again
tonight...!



   To be continued...
--
