
                               The Second Time
                               By Pussy Barber

        It had been a long and fun filled day to be sure. We'd strolled
through the streets of Carmel, looking into shops, sometimes going in and
looking over the merchandise, laughing and talking about what we liked.  We
dined along the wharf, watching the sealions play and the otters scampering
about in search of shellfish.  We ambled along after dinner, letting the
fading sunlight warm us and sitting on the beach, we watched it settle into
the ocean, painting a warm, red glow over the skies, and us.

        The weather was warm and pleasant as we walked back to our motel room,
and we settled down for the night. Our first bout of lovemaking was slow,
erotic and filled with the wonder of exploring each other for the first time.
Your body moved and undulated as I found many of your sensitive areas, and I
was pleased to see and hear you react with pleasure to my touch.  Your hands
sent electric shocks of pleasure through me as you found places on my body
that I'd never thought were sensual.  The soft glow of the small candles we'd
bought along with their light scent made your body a study in warm curves,
perfect skin, and sensuality. Our orgasms came close together, and I felt the
whole of my inner being pouring forth into you, as your legs wrapped around me
like a warm, loving blanket.  The softness of your lips contrasted against the
firmness of your arms and legs as we floated on our cloud of passion. We held
each other and fell asleep, with me curled up behind, my arm over your waist,
cupping your warm breast.

        I awoke to find you still against me. The warmth of your behind
pressing firmly against my loins and igniting anew my desire for you. In the
dim light of only a single candle now, I traced the soft curve of your
beautiful thigh, marveling in the silky texture of your skin. Your breathing
was deep, and rhythmic, while I watched you.  My lips sought and found the
warmth of your back, and I left soft kisses from your neck to your shoulders,
enjoying the subtle changes in your breathing.  You moved slightly, and I felt
an electric thrill as your labia slid over my hardening erection.

        I moved my hand gently over your exposed behind, cupping your upraised
curve of flesh and feeling it's curiously soft, yet firm resilence. As I
lifted it, I heard the soft parting of your moist labia, and my erection grew.
Your sleep was still even, though you seemed to be dreamily enjoying my touch.
I wondered of whom you dreamt, then decided it didn't matter.  I leaned
forward, pressing the head of my erection against the folds of your entrance,
and slowly moved back and forth.  The warm creamy wetness spread over my
glans, and your musky fragrance reached my brain, filling me with urgency, and
yet I restrained my desires.

        My hand slid down your thigh, caressing lightly, and then back up to
your soft rear, and then up your lower back. Again you moved, gently, as if
you were dreaming of this. My own flesh was hard, rigid and eager to find its
way inside you again, urging me to surround it with your warm flesh.  I moved
and pressed the tip against your entrance, feeling the warmth of your moist
womanhood, and slowly, ever so slowly, pressed forward.

        My hand slid up and rested on the side of your hip, pulling you gently
onto my shaft.  Slowly, savoring every minute movement, I felt myself entering
you, entering your deliciously sensual body, becoming one with you.  The head
was only halfway in, still spreading your entrance slowly. I paused, and
withdrew, just a fraction, then slowly resumed. This time, I stopped with the
head just fully within the grip of your muscular ring, and felt a contraction
against me. Then, without moving, a soft, slow, sensual feeling of your body
opening to me, and the head slipped past, allowing your pussy to grasp my
shaft.  A soft moan escaped your lips, and now I noticed your breathing had
become faster.

        I worked slowly, time having no meaning for us.  Pressing gently, then
with-drawing just a tiny bit, I slowly worked my shaft inside you until I was
more than halfway down my aching flesh.  I had slowed several times, wondering
if you'd awakened, and each time, your breathing, although sensual, was still
that of slumber. I again thought of your dreams, and wondered what sexual
fantasies were dancing inside your head. I pressed again, and this time, your
sleepy movement wasn't slight. You rolled back against me, taking my shaft
fully into your depths, letting out a surprised moan as you awakened.

        "Ohhhh!" you gasped. "Yessss." your soft voice whispered.

        The radiance of your sensual aura enveloped me and I wrapped my arms
around you, pulling you tighter, cupping your breasts, and kissing behind your
ear.

        "God! You are so beautiful!" I whispered passionately into your ear.

        I felt your body melt onto mine, your hand against my thigh, and the
soft squeeze of your pussy against my shaft.  Your back arched, pressing your
warm ass against me, taking me deeper, making us both yearn for the sensual
feelings that lay ahead. My fingers found your nipples, hard, erect, sensitive
and begging to be explored. I pulled on them gently, feeling you respond and
writhe against my rigid flesh buried inside you.

        "Hard." you breathed. "Fuck me hard." You voice was a husky whisper.

        I slowly withdrew, until just the head remained inside you, then
slowly I moved forward, teasing your body, letting you feel the heat and
passion.  Again your body arched, quickly driving me deep inside you. I pulled
back quickly, only to slowly begin another thrust, and again you arched to
take me fast, the way you wanted it.

        "Fuck me. Fuck me hard!" your breathy voice was urgent, demanding.

        This time I thrust against your rear, forcefully, pressing hard
against the soft curves of your ass. You moaned, and I began again, pinching
your nipples as I slid out, cupping your breasts as I thrust forward.  Your
hips thrust back to meet me, and we pressed against each other, as if I could
somehow slide even deeper inside you.  Our movements became faster, more
urgent, as every nerve in our bodies seemed to accentuate the sensual
pleasures.

        I rolled you over onto your stomach, my hands still on your breasts.
My legs outside of yours, I pressed my rigid shaft deep into your soft, wet
flesh squeezing your breasts as I did so. You arched against me again, raising
your hips to allow me to go deeper. I too arched, pressing myself deep into
your body, feeling your soft behind flatten against my loins. Again and again
we thrust against each other, building our passions as we build up our
thrusts.

        You muscles contracted around me as I plunged deep inside your pussy,
and my body arched, trying to extend the reach of my rigid flesh. Your
upturned behind rippled as my body slammed against you, and the bed shook as
our bodies writhed and collided.  Your harsh breathing and low moans filled me
with a wonderful passion to please you, to fill you with estascy.  My hips
began to move in long, hard thrusts, slamming hard into your ass, making us
both quake and groan.  My fingers released your breasts and slid automatically
to your hips, grasping them and pulling them against me. Our bodies went into
a fenzy of sensual arousal, peeling away our facade of civilization, leaving
us both exposed as two primal beings writhing in passionate desires.

        Your cunt spasmed and milked my cock, sucking my brain down towards
you, and my whole body began to unravel, to drain towards my balls. Another
spasm and your cunt seemed to suck at my soul, drawing me into you even more.
You moaned loudly, arching your cunt against my impaling cock, shuddering and
heaving against me. The squeezing, milking, sucking of your cunt drew me over
with you, and my body thrust my cock deep into you, holding for a long second
as my cock swelled and readied to spew its creamy sperm.  Another hard thrust,
and I could feel your juices spreading against your ass and thighs, just as I
felt a warm flood beginning to rise inside my cock.  My hands tightened their
grip on your hips, pulling you tighter against me, my hips arched, shoving my
cock roughly into your cunt, my cock swelled, filling with my hot, creamy
sperm and my whole body stiffened deep inside you. Then, wave after wave of
pleasure, as my cock gushed, flooding you with my warm, creamy cum, flowing
like a river into your waiting cunt.  Your body spasmed and milked the white
cream from me, your soft moans filling my ears with erotic pleasure noises.
Our brains knew nothing but throbbing cock, squeezing cunt, and warm, flowing
creams for long moments, until our bodies began to relax.

        I lay on my elbows, sweating and trying to catch my breath, and I
kissed your neck and shoulders, tasting the salty perspiration that covered
you too. We moaned softly as our bodies floated along, and the feeling of your
soft behind nestled against the hollow of my loins filled me with a warm
pleasure. You turned your head and we kissed, briefly, and then curled up on
our sides, still joined.  My hand sought your breast again, and you covered my
hand with yours, squeezing it gently.  A soft sigh and a gentle touch before
we faded off to sleep.

        Sweet dreams, my love.
