
                                  BRENBLK1.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                                 My Subjugation
                                   Chapter 1

      What I have to tell you is a source of extreme humiliation for me.  For
two years I have been married to the sexiest little blonde tart any man's had
the privilege to lay his eyes on.  What a curse it has been!  A curse you ask?
Please allow me to explain...

      As I said before, my wife Brenda, is a knockout!  She is 24, 5'4" with an
almost perfectly proportioned body -- firm,curvacious ass; smooth, flat tummy
and a breathtaking set of tits that are perky with slightly upturned nipples.
She always gets noticed by EVERY man within eyeshot. Her hair is waist-length
and Swedish blonde, which greatly enhances her bright baby blue eyes.  She is
very much the exhibitionist in public as she always wears very short minis
along with a very sheer halter or cutoff T-shirt.  God how she loves to
prick-tease!!

      There were signs of what was to come during our engagement. When we would
go out on dates, Brenda always suggested that we went to nightclubs that were
frequented by Black people, particularly Black men and once there she would
flirt shamelessly with any Black stud that gave her "the look."  On these
occasions her mode of dress was even more indecent, almost daring these men to
hit on her.  I never knew how to handle these situations and since I'm such a
poor dancer I always ended up sitting at the bar looking like a chump while my
sexy, vivacious girlfriend danced and flirted with her choice of numerous Black
men. Once, when I protested how she was neglecting me on these dates, she
became quite dominating and indignant, telling me that her nightlife was VERY
important to her and if I found that sitting at the bar like a wimp wasn't very
interesting, then I should play some videogames or something.

      "If you want to keep seeing me," she asserted,  you will take me to the
places I choose." Brenda was by far the sexiest woman I've ever dated so I
meekly went along.

      Once we were married, my situation became even more delicate! Brenda
never allowed me to have sex with her during our engagement, though I pleaded
incessantly.  She said that if I loved her I should wait until our marriage.
Needless to say, on our wedding night I had the hardest boner of my life!  When
I stood before her and dropped my boxer shorts, Brenda took one look and began
giggling uncontrollably! It was the most humiliating experience of my life up
to that point. After several minutes, Brenda managed to calm down and
apologized for her reaction explaining that she was accustomed to her men being
in the 9 to 12inch range.  My own 4-1/2 inch erection made her think of little
boys!

      Humiliated and confused, several questions began to come to mind. What
did she mean by "her men being in the 9 to 12 inch range"? I had assumed she
was a virgin since she wouldn't have sex with me until we were hitched. Slowly
I began to put two and two together.  I thought of all those nightclubs and all
those Black men.  When I confronted her with it, she confessed in a
matter-of-fact manner that shocked me.

      "Yes," my petite wife admitted, "I have been with dozens of men over the
past few months -- all of them Black, so of course all of them were hung like
stallions!   When you exposed yourself to me just now well -- it was kinda like
a culture shock or something."

      I was completely demoralized!  I sat on the end of the bed trying to deal
with the fact that my wife, my breathtaking blonde bombshell, was a slut for
big, Black erections.

      Brenda continued to testify about her feelings as if it were pent up
inside her for so long and was relieved for the opportunity to express it.  She
went into detail describing each of her Black lovers, their endowments, and
what each of them had done to her.  I could see that the topic was getting her
quite aroused.  Personally, I was feeling more and more intimidated and
insignificant, hearing her passionate, detailed descriptions of enormous Black
appendages that were 2 to 3 times larger than my own white penis.  I was
ashamed of myself for having the gall to stand and expose my underdeveloped
organs.  No wonder she laughed.

      She went on to confess that the reason she married me was for the
financial security that I could provide for her, and also to fulfill the
normal, pretty housewife image that she wanted to project to her family and
friends.  If only they knew, I thought, Brenda's parents and brothers were
bigots who were very protective of her when she was growing up. Perhaps they
were a little too protective!  She made it clear to me that though she thought
me very nice and that she would play the part of an ideal wife in public --
there were no sexual feelings in her towards me and if I would cooperate with
her desires to pursue Black cocks, then we could work out some method of
pleasure for myself.  I was soon to learn that the "method of pleasure" in
store for me was definitely second rate compared to what she reserved for her
numerous Black lovers.

      I spent my wedding night in our hotel room jerking myself off since
Brenda refused to let me fuck her.

      "We still need to work things out," she explained, "You still don't know
the full extent of my fantasies."

      She sat on the bed next to me and watched me pull on my small member
while telling me how she had already been fucked that day; just hours before
she stood next to me at the wedding alter;  " he was at least 10 inches, Black
as the ace of spades, and as thick as my forearm, so you can understand why I'm
not interested in you right now."

      Almost immediately I shot my load all over my belly and I could tell that
Brenda was suppressing another giggling spell. I crawled in bed while Brenda
dressed up real sexy and left me to go "dancing" in the club downstairs.  I had
a pretty good idea what she was really going out for -- Big, Black dick!

      All of this had me pretty shook up and I had some pretty wild dreams that
night alone in bed.  I dreamt of a long, long line of Black men with their
cocks hanging out. Brenda stolled up and down the line appraising their
endowments as though it were a military inspection. She was practically
drooling!  Brenda dropped to her knees and going down the line, my pretty,
blue-eyed blond proceeded to suck and slurp and deep throat each one until they
each came in her mouth, on her face and all over her tits!  The vision of an
enormous Black erection sliding down my wife's delicate throat was almost too
much to bear. goddamn it! Why was my cock so inadequate! It was agonizing to
know that I would never, Never fulfill my wife's urges. The best I could hope
for was to keep this all a secret from my friends and coworkers in the suburb
where we lived.  If they were to know, it really would be unbearable and who
knows, maybe I could become the first man to discover a penis enlarging device
that really works.

      Sure!

      Following our uneventful honeymoon (at least on my part), We went to
Brenda's apartment to move her things to my house, which was now our house.  I
had been in Brenda's apartment many times but there was one room that she never
allowed me to enter.  She led me to the locked door and then told me that now I
would understand the full extent of her fantasies.  Before she would allow me
in she insisted that I strip from the waist down.  I hesitated at this strange
request but my curiosity was getting the best of me so I sheepishly complied. I
felt rather silly and insignificant standing there for her inspection.

      "That's a good boy," she chirped as she looked down and again tried to
suppress a giggle, "now brace yourself," and with that we entered her mystery
room.  At first, I could not make out anything due to the room being so full of
stuff, like a museum.  Brenda stood back to allow me to comprehend the
environment.

      I focused on one wall that was covered with pictures of -- I looked
closer -- they were pictures of Black men's cocks!!  Close-up side profiles of
incredibly big Black pricks thrusting forward and out across impossibly long
arches. There were dozens of them!  In many of these pictures, Brenda was on
her knees before these monsters with her full supple lips nuzzling their
massive heads.

      "These are many of the Black studs that have fucked me since I met you,"
she proudly pointed out, "pretty impressive, huh?" I suddenly remembered that I
was pantless and looking at the pictures made my cock and balls shrink even
smaller than they normally were, as if they were accepting their inferiority in
the presence of the humiliating proof.

      On another wall there were posters of adult interracial videos, prominent
Black sports figures  along  with  numerous  photos  of interracial couples
(Black studs\white women) actively engaged in some pretty  explicit sex acts.
"These are some of the friends that I have made recently," Brenda explained.
All of the women were very beautiful while all the Black studs were muscular
and spectacularly endowed.  A few of the photos were of orgies involving as
many as 10 people, I recognized my sweet little Brenda in some of these.  I
couldn't believe all this! How could my Brenda, who is so petite and delicate,
manage to fuck all these giants without suffering permanent damage. These Black
poles were almost as big as her forearm for Christ's sake!!

      On a third wall was a big wall chart covered with lines, numbers, names
and lots of little Black phallus symbols.

      "This is how I keep track of all my big Black men," Brenda instructed,
"whenever I get my hands on a new Black cock, I suck on it until it's good and
stiff, then I use a tape measure and make very careful measurements. Then I
photograph that big, Black babymaker and enter the figures on this chart when I
get home."

      "I also keep a detailed account of each encounter in my big, Black
diary," she continued, "I want to remember each delicious detail of all my
Black adventures. Later on I might let you read it -- if you continue to be a
good little boy."

      In the middle of the room was a large table that was covered with some
portfolio books and at least a dozen of what I thought were very large Black
dildos.  I should tell you at this point that Brenda is quite an accomplished
artist and what I thought were dildos were actually exact duplicate sculptures
of some of the larger cocks she has had.  As humiliating as it was, I could not
help but pick one of them up and examine it.  Brenda had left the room for the
moment and I simply couldn't resist holding that giant Black object down next
to my penis for a comparison. It was like comparing a pencil to a cucumber!

      I fantasized about what it would be like if I had a Black, powerful
ramrod -- how beautiful women would fall to their knees before me, begging to
orally worship my sexual superiority.

      Suddenly, there was a bright flash!  I looked up and there was Brenda,
holding a camera.  She had taken my picture.  I was standing in front of all
these pictures, nude from the waist down, comparing my puny penis to one of
Brenda's favorites and she had taken my picture!!

      I instantly realized that I had fallen into a trap.  If anyone was to
ever see that picture my life would be ruined!  Brenda was looking at me with
an evil looking smirk like I'd never seen before and I had a sinking feeling
that from this point on, Brenda would be calling all the shots in our
relationship.

      "It's time we worked out an agreement on a delicate subject," Brenda
commanded, "I don't have to point out what would happen to you if each of your
buddies at work were to somehow accidentally receive a copy of that photo, do I
?"  I hung my head in humiliation and nodded a no. "Good, then lets lay down
the law." Having said this, Brenda led me to the table, opened one of the
portfolio books to the first page, and handed me a pen.  "This will be your
daily diary of our marriage as well as the sexual exploits that you will be
assisting me with."

      She then ordered me to write down the following oath, which I would be
bound to follow:

  1)      Black men are superior to white men and, as I am only a little white
          boy, I must submit to  any Black man's command.

 2)       I must assist my wife's quest for Black cock in any way she deems
          necessary.

 3)       I must assume the role of an absolute slave to anyone, at any time --
          upon the command of my wife.

 4)       I will not attempt to have sex with my wife or any other woman until
          my wife determines that I have earned the privilege also -- I am
          forbidden to masturbate at any time without the consent of my wife.

 5)       If I fail to carry out any of the above rules, I will be subjected to
          public humiliation that is relative to the degree of the infraction.

      "For example," Brenda explained, "if you should fail to carry out one of
my Black lovers commands -- I will mail a photo of your tiny penis to one of
the secretaries where you work."  Once she was assured that Understood what my
place would be, she ordered me to sign the oath.

      "You'll notice that there is a blank row on the wall chart. It is now
time for you to take your place on my chart for comparisons sake," Brenda said
while she whipped out a tape measure.  She started laughing so hard, she could
barely take the measurements and record them.  I meekly looked down the column
that represented cock length10," 9.5," 11.5," 12," 11," etc......, till I saw
my own 4.5." My god, how humiliating!  Brenda then took several more pictures
of me in lewd poses with several of her playthings.  She then announced that
she was going out for the evening and that I should have everything moved to
our house and set up before she would return home later tonight.

      Brenda did return to our house very late that night.  The smell of her
perfume was mixed with a masculine, musky odor and there was an expression of
complete satisfaction on her sweet, angelic face.  Her silky, blonde hair was
messed up and I noticed that her panties and bra were hanging out of the top of
her purse.  She had a new photo to add to her collection, another impossibly
large Black dick!  How does she find all these horse-hung bucks?  She grabbed
my crotch and pulled me down to my knees.

      "I have a job for you to do, little boy, while I tell you all about my
evening."

      Inches in front of my face, Brenda began to slowly raise the hem of her
sheer miniskirt until, for the very first time, I drank in the vision of my
wife's pretty, blonde pussy. A delicate little tuft of soft blonde fur above
her outer lips.  I could tell that though normally small and tight, her pussy
was presently distended and stretched to accommodate the Black organ that had
taken her that evening.  Her clit was swollen and protruded at least an inch
due to the intense battering it must have been subjected to.

      Black man's cum oozed out and the smell of prolonged sex hung heavy in my
nostrils.  I was ordered to suck my wife clean and I reluctantly obeyed.  She
did allow me to masturbate while I performed my duty although it was degrading
to hear her laugh and taunt me about my insignificant size while regaling me
with all the kinky things her Black lover had done to her.  She allowed me to
cum into the palm of her hand but then she made me drink it!  I slept on the
couch that night.


                         ............To be continued in
                           BRENDA GETS BLACKED! CH. 2

