Archive-name: Bondage/bet5.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Bet, The - Part 5


        He left her for a time, basking in the warm feeling that 
spread through her body.  She became aware of his presence when 
something soft touched her stomach.  It was neither cold nor 
warm but it was very soft and, comforting.  He placed it just 
above her navel.  It seemed larger than a hand and longer than it 
was wide.  
        For a time it just lay there, without any real weight or 
pressure.  A slight feeling of pressure came first, followed by 
movement.  He was gently moving it across her stomach in small 
circles.  With movement came definition.  It was furry, like a 
small mink towel or a rabbit skin.  It was larger than the hand 
that moved it and it felt very good whatever it was.  
        He began by rubbing the area between her navel and rib 
cage.  One one circle he went from her left side, up her side, 
past her breast, just touching the side for a second or so as it 
went by, continued up her torso to her neck, and up her left arm. 
He stopped at her tied wrist and slowly made the trip back down, 
passed across her chest above her breasts and went up her right 
arm.  He continued back and forth several times, sometimes going 
over her neck and the bottom of her face, other times passing 
over her breasts, never quite touching the nipples.
        Again, it was relaxing and stimulating at the same.  As 
he continued she realized he was again teasing her, continually 
coming close to her nipples, never reaching them.  He changed the 
pattern without warning and was again going over her stomach, 
having gone down her right side.  He repeated the old circular 
pattern, continuing it for a couple of minutes at least.
        She became aware of how difficult it was to keep a time 
sense without any reference.  How long had she been here?  (How 
many times had she come?)  How late in the evening was it?  Was 
it even dark yet?  How long could she keep the last two numbers 
secret?
        He broke off the pattern again, and went over the sides 
of her breasts.  Going between them in a figure eight, then 
circling one, then the other and then back to a figure eight, he 
began to really get to her.  It had gone from being relaxing to 
arousing somewhere up on her arms, and now she actively waited 
for him to use the fur on her nipples.
        He would come up just so high on her breast, always 
stopping just short of her nipples.  It began with him stopping 
inches from them, then an inch from them, then less than an inch.
She tried not to react, not to moan again, not to encourage him, 
but it escaped her when he finally ran the fur over each of her 
nipples in turn.  He may not have noticed it.  It was quiet and 
he was kissing her as she moaned, his tongue invading her mouth.
        After he'd stopped running the fur over over her breasts 
and had returned to her stomach, she noticed the lingering taste 
of mint and realized he'd brushed his teeth before beginning to 
work on her.
        He began doing what he'd done to her arms to her legs.  
His hand passed down her left leg, going all the way to her foot.  
The fur did interesting things to the bottom of her foot.  He 
travelled back up the inside of her leg, parting from it only 
inches from her sex and travelled back down to her right foot.
        Then the thought occurred to her, He was going to play the 
same game with her down there that he had played with her 
breasts.  A quick intake of breath followed that thought.
        And he did.  He played the game of approaching her sex, 
coming closer by millimeters at each pass.  When he could not 
possibly come any closer, and her loins were on fire, he circled 
her mound.  
        She was amazed at how sensitive her stomach had become.  
        "We both know you're going to come now." she heard him 
say.  "We both know I don't have to touch you any more than I am 
now."
        She knew he was right.  She had waited for the touch on 
her sex, for his finger, or she had hoped, his member sliding up 
her incredibly slick opening.  She felt herself blush as she 
thought that he could easily have been watching every movement of 
her sex, literally looking directly inside her as she became more 
and more aroused.
        The sound of his voice caused it to start.  She felt 
herself coming.  She wanted to curl up, to hide what her sex was 
doing from him, but bound as she was, she could hide nothing.  
Not knowing where he was, she could not know if he was observing 
her face (what she must look like), her body, or directly into 
her sex.  She imagined him watching her vagina opening and 
closing, out of her control.  The thought made her orgasm more 
intense, and at the same time his voice gave her something 
between a command and play by play announcing of her reactions.  
        She realized that for the moment she was the center of 
his universe, all of his attention was focused on her.  Just now, 
nothing other than her gyrations, her squirmings, her movements 
were important to him.  
        Yes, it was grand!
        He kept her either coming or close to it for some 
minutes.  It was less intense than the last one, but somehow more 
delightful.  When he allowed her to stop, she breathed a sigh of 
relief.  
        It didn't last.  She had barely thirty seconds before he 
used his bare hands on her breasts.  He knew how aroused she was 
and used it, playing her like a violin.  He had her coming, even 
more powerfully within seconds.   After a full minute of orgasm 
(He had timed it by the night stand clock) he asked her for the 
second number.  
        She refused.
        He forced her to remain either on the brink or in an 
orgasm for the next four minutes, then he asked her again.  This 
time she refused, but was not able to concentrate enough to stick 
out her tongue as she had last time.
        He asked her a third time as his finger entered her 
exceptionally wet and very ready vagina.  She was able to hold 
off three more minutes (and four orgasms) before telling him the 
second number was fourteen.  
        He continued to make her come for an additional five 
minutes telling her that proper young ladies didn't stick out 
their tongues at gentlemen.
  
--
