Archive-name: Bestial/blackstd.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Black Stud


Summer camp is over and all the kids have gone home.  The only people
around the place besides me are the cook who only comes up during the
day and Rick, the burly Armenia groundskeeper.  Rick lives up here at
camp all year, taking care of the horses and buildings during the
winter months.  I only come up for the summer to be a counselor and get
away from the city for a while.  I like the smell of the country air
and scent of horse crotch on a hot day.  At night in my cabin I beat
off thinking about Rick cramming his dark meat up my ass while he
forces a horsecock down my throat.  He doesn't say much to me during
the day  -- though he is friendly  -- he keeps to himself in his remote
cabin.  With only three days left before I head back down to the city,
my fantasies about Rick grow stronger and stronger.  I've thought about
just walking up to his cabin some night and asking him right out if I
could suck his dick, lick his balls and lap at his ass.  But I'm afraid
he'd slam his giant fist into my teeth instead.
 
Tonight I am so horny my cock is ready to shoot without even being
touched.  I climbed out of my bunk and walked over to the stables,
barefoot and buck naked.  There is a little light in the stables from
the big light in the recreation field and I can see the horses standing
calmly in their stalls.  The smell of hay and horseshit makes my cock
even harder.  I enter the stall of Papa, a shiny black, beautiful stud.
I start to stroke his flanks with the grooming brush to get him used to
my presence.  Gently I reach for his massive balls, massaging them
easily.  Papa gives a little snort but seems to enjoy the attention of
my hands on his balls.  With my other hand I reach around and stroke
his hind legs near his asshole.  The horse's cock begins to slide out
of a long sheath.  Only half-way there the cock must be 10 inches long
and 6 inches around.  He gushes out a stream of hot horsepiss into the
hay and onto my naked feet.  I rinse my hands in the golden liquid and
lubricate my asshole with one hand while easily stroking his cock with
the other.  As he finishes pissing I slip the head of his cock in my
mouth to capture the last few gulps of juice.  Its hard to get his
enormous meat in my mouth but the pungent taste is worth every effort.
 
With both hands pumping the long horsecock, I stuff as much of the meat
in my mouth as I can.  Occasionally, I bring one hand to my tits to
squeeze my erect nipples.  Papa snorts as I chow down on this massive
dick and tries to pump my mouth with a load.  My senses are reeling as
I pull his meat from my mouth and lap at the long tool, working my way
toward his gigantic balls.  I lick his crotch and asshole in a deperate
heat while pulling my tits and fingering my own tight asshole.
 
Suddenly, with my tongue stuck up the horse's ass I am startled by a
set of hands grabbing at my hole.  I pull back in fear from the horse
but Rick pushes my face back into rimming the big horse.
 
"Eat that horseshit, boy." He whispered coursely right into my ear.  "I
knew you was a fuckin' queer but I never thought I catch you blowin'
the fuckin' horses.  Now you can take care of me too."
 
He roughly stuffed two fingers into my hungry asshole.  I didn't care
if he rammed his whole fist up my ass; I wanted him so badly.  I
reached behind me to finally hold his cock in my hands.  It was big,
like the horse, as thick as a beer can.  He forced me down on my knees
in the hay and pushed his own ass into my face.  One taste of his hairy
crack and my cock shot a quart of cum onto his muscular legs...but I
was still hot as hell.  I lapped and sucked his smelly ass until it was
shiny clean.  I sucked his hole hoping for a meal of manshit.
 
He pulled away and spun around to fill my gaping mouth with a bucket of
steaming piss gushing out of his massive cock.  He scooped my cum from
his legs and fed it into my mouth with his fingers, shoving them deep
into my throat.  My load was mixed with horseshit and piss.
 
"Put that horse dick in your faggot mouth," he ordered.  Of course, I
obeyed.  He pushed a low table from the wall over to where I knelt
under the horse.  He made me lie on my back with my ass sticking out
the back of the horse while I sucked the cock for his pleasure.
Roughly he pulled my legs up and slammed his man-sized prick into my
waiting asshole.  With one lunge he had crammed it until his balls were
dragging on the table next to my stuffed hole.  Without moving Rick
blew a thick stream of hot yellow piss into my guts, warming my whole
body.  Then he began to fuck me.  As he pushed in and pulled out the
horse's balls were hanging right at his lips.  His tongue lashed out to
lick the big nuts as he watched me sucking for a giant horseload.  Just
as Rick was ready to shoot he pulled out from under the horse and held
me still impaled on his cock while he ravaged my tits with his teeth.
I could feel the spurts of cum splattering like a wave throughout me as
a shoot another load against his iron-hard stomach.
 
Rick laid me back down under the horse and began to feed me my second
load while I pumped the big horse dick with both hands.  Soon I was
rewarded with a flood of strong-tasting horse cum washing over my face,
mouth and tits.  Rick fed me his cock to clean my asshole from his pole
as he pushed horse load into my gaping ass.
 
Then he picked my up and took me to a spot in the hay where we spent
the night.  I was never to return to the city again.
 
--
