I was sitting on a low rock at the water's edge.  It was a very
isolated lake and I was enjoying the warm sun on my naked body.

Suddenly, there was a clunk and a canoe appeared around the nearby
rock outcropping.  I hadn't expected anyone to come here and I didn't
have anything to cover up with .  Rather than try to dash back to camp
to grab some clothes, I decided to sit tight as I was, with my legs
blocking and providing a little modesty.

The canoe held two people, a man in the stern and a woman in the bow.
Both in their thirties.  She wore a skimpy yellow bikini, he wore a
very small red swim suit.

I called "hello" and they answered back and pulled closer to chat and
ask about campsites on the lake.  She was a full breasted woman and
was spilling out of her top.  Hmmmm, I'd like to remove that top for
her.  From the side, she looked almost naked, with just small strings
running around holding the bikini together.  They stopped the canoe
where I could feel her eyes staring between my legs.  Between her tits
and feeling her eyes on me, my cock grew quickly.  I was embarassed,
and excited.

He did most of the talking and they soon paddled on to the next
campsite, a half mile distant.

After they were out of sight, I stoked my cock, all kind of hot
fantasies running through my mind.  But I held back from cumming, I
wanted to keep enjoying this.

I pulled on a pair of shorts and prepared dinner.  While I was
cooking, the canoe reappeared, this time Bob paddling alone. He pulled
up and got out to chat. He was still wearing his "Speedo" suit and he
filled it out quite well.  My eyes were pulled by the sexuality of his
crotch.

After some smalltalk, he said "I hope you didn't get dressed just
because of us", refering to the shorts.

"Well, I hadn't expected anyone to come along here, that's why I
didn't have anything on before.  I'm sorry, I hope I didn't offend you
or your wife."

"Offend us?" he chuckled. "Of course not.  We both enjoyed it, my wife
especially.  She is as hot as a firecracker since we left you. If you
didn't notice, she was very attracted to what she saw. In fact, that's
why I came over to talk with you."

As he talked, I could see the bulge in his suit growing.  It looked
uncomfortable and he had to reach down and shift it a few times.  My
own cock was growing and probably peaking out the leg of my loose
nylon shorts.

"We both enjoy nudity.  And sex.  In fact, if you don't mind, I need
to get this swimsuit off, its too tight and it's hurting me."

"No, go ahead, it looks uncomfortable" I said.

He stood up and peeled the tight nylon stretch suit off, leaving his big
hard cock bob free.

"If you don't mind," I said now knowing that nudity was acceptable to
my guest, "I'll get these back off" I said as I slid my shorts back
off, letting my cock back into the daylight.

"You said that you came over to talk about something?" I questioned,
curious.

"Yes, well...." he paused.  I waited.

"I was wondering, actually, we were wondering...."

"...if your interests were just nudity for its own sake, or something
more."

Wondering where this was leading, I led him on "Well, I'm pretty open
to most things."

"Well, my wife has always had this fantasy..."

"Yes?"

"She has fantasized about being alone in the wilderness and being
attacked, raped, made to do whatever the stranger wanted."

I could see between his legs that he was excited about this idea too.
He could see my response too.

"It sounds very interesting" I said.  "Your wife is a pretty and sexy
woman.  I'd be most happy to oblige her."

"Tell me," I continued, "what are her limits.  You made it sound very
open ended.  I could interpet that in a very kinky way."

"We both are very open minded.  Other than serious pain or anything
that would be harmful, we think we are open to anything."

"What about you?  What will you be doing?"

"Well, I thought I'd give you some time alone with her, then I'd like
to sneak up and watch.  I'll try to stay out of sight.  If you'd like,
if you see me, you can tie me up and make me watch while you ravage
her."

Wow!  This guy had some great ideas.  I've often had fantasies like
this, but never expected them to come true.

I reached behind me and removed my large blade knife from its sheath.
"I'll add a little bit of realism to this" I though silently.

"Okay, kneel down, spread your legs and put your hands behind you" I
commanded Bob as I brought the knife into view.  A look of surprise,
and then pleasure came over him.  He did as commanded.  I took some
nylon cord and tied his hands behind him, leaving several feet hanging
down.  I moved in front of him, reached between his legs to retrieve
the excess cord and looped it around the base of his erect dick and
balls, then tied the end to a log on the ground.

"There, that should keep you here for a while.  You can get loose in a
while. In the meantime, your lovely wife and I can become intimately
acquainted....very intimately acqauinted" I smirked, patting my big,
hard cock in front of him.

I slipped down the path in the woods moving silently via a route that
slipped into the rear of their campsite.  Debbie probably would expect
me to come via the lake.  I hoped to catch her unawares.

Within five minutes, I was close and began listening intently.  I
heard a movement and stopped, just off the trail.  A flash of bright
yellow caught my eye.  She was coming down the trail, probably going to
use "the facilities".  I waited until she was almost on me, then
stepped out into the trail, brandishing my knife and rock hard cock.

"Oh!" she gasped, looking me up and down. "What do you want?" she
stammered, a mixture of surprise and excitement.

"What do I want? I saw you staring at my hard cock before.  You
enjoyed it, didn't you?  Well, I thought I'd give you a closer
look...a look and feel.  I might even let your sweet little pussy feel
it."

"No, no" she stammered, unconvincingly.

"Yes" I stated.

I could see her getting excited.  She was breathing heavy and her
nipples were swelling.

"Turn around, spread your legs, put your hands behind you" I ordered.

"My husband will be back soon" she protested.

"Ah Bob.  Yes.  Well, he is being detained for a while back at my
camp.  If and when he gets here, he can watch you being a good little
fucking slut. Now do as I said" I ordered, moving the knife toward
her.  She quickly turned around.  I tied her hands behind her, then
frisked her for any contraband.  She sure had something hard inside
that overflowing bikini top, but I'd check that out later.  My hands
thoroughly checked out her boobs, then reached down between her legs.
She moaned involuntarily as I squeezed her pubic area.  Then a check
in the back of her, checking out that nice little ass.  This was going
to be fun.

"Please, I was going to the bathroom" she pleaded.

"There aren't any bathrooms around here" I responded.  "What were you
going to do?" I demanded.

"I need to pee" she said, lowering her head, ashamed to be admitting
this to a stranger. "Please?" she said, softly.

"Go ahead, I won't stop you."

"Where?"

"Right here."

"No, I....can't."

"Then I guess you don't have to go.  You can wait. Now move it back to
the camp." I ordered.

I followed her, admiring her shapely ass. I pulled on the back of her
bikini so that most of it slid into her crack, exposing more of her
smooth rounded bottom. She also made a great view from the side, with
her arms pulled back and her tits sticking out. The camp was only a
minute away.  When we got there I tied her hands to a low branch.

"Now, what do we have here?" I asked as I reached down and played with
her pussy through the thin yellow material.  "Feels kind of damp. Nice
wet pussy, I'll bet." She blushed and tried to avoid looking at me,
obviously humiliated at having a stranger knowing that she was so hot.

I slid the knife down her thigh and it sliced through the string,
letting one side of her panties fall down. Then the knife slid down
the other side.  She held her legs together, holding the wisp of
material covering her crotch. "Spread" I said as I moved the pointed
blade sideways toward her honeynest.  She did as ordered and the
yellow nylon fell between her feet.  "Spread 'em wide and keep 'em
that way" I ordered.  She did as directed.  I reached between her
legs.  She was very, very wet.  My fingers came away glistening.  I
moved the fingers to my nose and inhaled their fragrance, then stuck
them in her mouth and make her suck on them. She greedily sucked on
them, obviously aroused.  Her sucking on my fingers brought visions to
my mind of how she would look in a few minutes with her blonde head
bobbing up and down on my wet cock.

I slid the knife up along her side and sliced through the cord that
held her booby trap.  It fell loose, still suspended by the neck
string.  I pulled it away and slid it over her shoulder.  She would
still feel the encumberance of the halter, it would emphasize her
nakedness.

She had beautful tits, full and ripe, tipped by dark hard nipples.  I
reach up and squeezed on and pulled on it.  "OH!" she responded, a
mixture of pleasure and mild pain.

"Are you a good fuck?" I asked.

"No" she responded, unbelievingly.

"Well, I'll have to make you one."

I forced her to lay a sleeping bag on the ground and lay spread eagle
on it.  I considered tying her that way, but decided against it.  She
was going to accept and want what was going to happen.  I wouldn't
allow her the excuse of being helpless.  Besides, I expected her
husband to be along soon and wanted to have him see his wife fully
enjoying another man fucking her.

"You're a beautiful sight" I told her after inspecting her.  I
straddled her and sat down on her chest, her boobs underneath me, my
cock inches from her mouth.  She knew what to do and eagerly took hold
of my rod and guided it into her mouth.  She took it about halfway in
and began sliding her wet, warm tongue up and down the bottom of my
shaft.  Her fingers manipulated my balls.  I lifted up a bit and
reached behind me, finding her nipples.  I squeezed gently and she
moaned as she sucked.  I reached back with my one hand and found her
pussy.  Her legs were wide apart and access to her was easy.  I
slipped my finger inside of her and found it wet and slippery.  I
wanted to taste that pussy, to feel my tongue sliding around on it and
in it.

I lifted up and slid down her.  First I paused with my cock against
her pubic hair while I bent down and sucked on each tit.  Then I slide
down some more, letting my cock slide off of her public arch and slip
across her swollen pussy.  I was very strongly tempted to shove it
into her and fuck her, but that would be too easy.  I did plunge deep
for two strokes, just to drive her wild.  It had the desired affect.
I pulled out and held the tip just against her clit.  She squirmed,
trying to get it inside while I sucked on her boobs.

I slid on down, bringing my face into her pubic hair.  My tongue
slipped lower and she let out a soft yell.   I heard a rustling in the
bushes.  I figured Bob would be watching by now.  My face slid between
her thighs and I munched on her pussy.  My arms went behind her legs
and reached up, each one grabbing a tit, massaging and pulling on her
nipples.  She was moaning out loud by now.  I carefully held her close
to the brink of orgasm, but wouldn't let her cum. My tongue alternated
between licking her clit and penetrating inside her. After several
minutes of this, while she clamped my head between her thighs, I came
up for air and slid back up on her.  Her pussy was quite ready as my
cock slid inside her welcome opening. She tried to wrap her legs
around me to pull me securely inside her, but I resisted, finally
pinning her legs with my legs.  I held her arms above her head.  She
was helpless and pinned by me.  My cock slid in and out.  I imagined
that Bob was watching.  I could sense his gaze on my cock and her
pussy as I slid in and out of his wife.  Each time Debbie or I was
close to cumming, I slid out and held my cock just barely touching
her.  Enough to keep her excited and wanting.

My hands and legs were occupied holding Debbie down but my mouth was
free to roam and ravage her chest.  I sucked hard and licked hard. Her
boobs were made for sucking.

Neither of us had cum yet.  It was time for my pleasure.  I sat up and
remounted her chest. I was close to cumming.  "Just lick it, don't put
my cock in your mouth" I instructed.  She did as directed, using her
tongue on the sensitive underside, but denied the pleasure of feeling
it inside her.

It didn't take long and I felt the surge building in my balls.  The
balls that rested on her boobs.   My hips began to buck.  She opened
her mouth to envelope my cock.  "No" I commanded.  "Just lick it." I
was close to cumming and I wanted to see it spurt all over her face. I
wanted her husband to see her face coated with my semen.

A few more licks of her wet tongue and I lost control.  My cock
spasmed.  My eyes closed and my head bent back.  My hips jerked.  My
eyes momentarily flashed open and I saw Bob watching.  I seemed to cum
forever.   I looked down and Debbie face was splattered with my cum,
from her chin to her blonde hair.

Still very high and hot, I rolled over and sunk my face between her
thighs, eating her pussy with wild passion.  I ground my cock into her
face, sliding my cock and balls across her cum slickened face.  I
tongued deep inside her pussy and heard her yell with passion.  I
dropped my hips, using my balls to smother her moans.  She quivered
and clamped my head between her legs.  Her legs were forward and her
puckered anus was inches from my eyes.  I reached around her ass,
spread her cheeks with my hands and plunged a finger up her rear.  Her
body trembled with pleasure.  My cock was still hard. I felt ready to
cum again.  I lifted free of her and remounted her, dicking her
deeply.   I pumped in again and again, receiving extra excitement
knowing that her husband was watching her get fucked.  I hoped that
his hands were still tied and he felt helpless while his wife got
screwed.

I came again, this time deeply inside Debbie.  We came together and I
collapsed on top of her, pinning her under me with my dick still deep
inside of her.

When I caught my breath, I looked up and there was Bob, watching us.
He evidently had a great show to watch.  But it wasn't over.  As I
hoped, his hands were still tied to the cord wrapped around his cock
and balls.  He had just managed to get loose from the log that he was
tied to.  I'm sure that every movement of his hands pulled on his
cock. It was rock hard and the cord forced it to point down to the
ground.

I got up off of Debbie and retrieved my knife.  I tied Bob to a small
tree, leaving his hands behind him.  I ordered Debbie to get up and to
walk up behind him and ordered him to finger his wife's pussy, to feel
the wetness from our mating.  I reached between her legs and loaded
my fingers with her wetness, then held the fingers up to his nose for
him to smell.  Then I ordered him to lick my fingers clean.

I tied Debbie's hands behind her again and made her lick my cock
clean. I loved the way her tits jutted out with her hands tied behind
her.  Then I ordered her to kiss Bob's cock.  Just a quick kiss to
excite him with.

I then tied her to a tree and played with her tits and pussy while Bob
watched. I enjoyed running my hands all over her body, including
inside of her.  I made her cum again just using my fingers.  I had her
bend over at the waist.  Oh, what a pair of beautiful hanging tits!
And a very pretty ass sticking out in back, just begging to get
fucked.  But I needed some lubricant.

I walked over to Bob, grabbed his cock and began to pump it.  At first
he tried to resist, but I didn't let him.  Besides, he was so hot and
horny that he quickly gave in.  He needed to get off, in any way he
could.  He yielded to my hands.   It didn't take long before I had a
handful of his cum.  I went back to Debbie and applied it to her ass,
inside and out.  Then, with my cock again hard and pointed at her ass,
I walked up to her butt and inserted my cock into her cum slicked ass.
She muscles quickly tightened around my cock and it swelled inside
her.  His cum was very slippery.  I bent over and reached in front of
her, grabbing one tit in one hand and reaching between her legs with
the other hand.  Her clit was still hard and extended and my finger
slide across it as it slid in and out of her freshly fucked pussy.

My finger went in and out of her pussy, my cock in and out of her ass.

I pumped her and felt her heavy tits sway in my hand.  It took a bit
longer, but I came inside her again.  She now had my cum leaking from
her pussy, her ass, and covering her face while her husband watched,
hot and helpless.

I pulled out and sauntered in front of her with my soft but still
enlarged cock swinging back and forth.

As she recovered, she pleaded.  "Please, I've really got to go now.
Please."

"Go where?" I asked.

"Potty" she answered softly.

"Go ahead" I told her.

"Please, let me go alone."

"No," I said. "Squat down and piss right where you are."

I could tell she was figiding and couldn't wait much longer.  Finally
with a look of resignation, she squatted down and unleashed a stream
that splashed between her bare feet while her husband and I watched.

The evening continued to be an exciting one.  I released Bob's hands,
but kept his cock tied to a cord which looped between his legs and
around his waist, forcing him to walk spread legged with his cock and
balls bewteen his legs.  He fixed dinner while Debbie and I layed on
the ground and caressed each other.  I had Debbie for desert.  Bob had
cream with his coffee...his own cream.

When we retired to the tent for the night, Bob was tied up securely
right next to us, while we continued to kiss and suck and fuck all
night long.  In the morning, he had a tremendous hardon.  I ordered
Debbie to jerk him off, to relieve him.  But I made her stop
repeatedly before he could cum.  He was so close that he finally
rolled over on the sleeping bag and humped it, spreading his cum over
the bag.  I tied Debbie out on the ground spread eagle and finally
released him.  He was so hot and horny that he rushed over and
immediately jumped on Debbie, sticking her deep with his dick.  She
screamed with pleasure and they both came within seconds.

We parted with plans to meet "same time, next year".
