            [Chapter 5  Consummation of the Deal]

I held her head in place as I came.  At the first mightly spurt, I
felt the head of my cock slip into her throat.

She swallowed hard once, twice, a third time, then pressed her face
hard into my groin.  She made a sound like a quivvery whine, and I
thought she was choking, but I looked down and saw her hips churning.
She was coming! She pulled my dick halfway out and began bobbing her
head again, wildly.  The come was still pouring out of me, and I felt
deliriously blissful.  Her orgasm lasted almost a full minute, her
knees and thighs clamped tightly together, her ass bucking and
churning, and though my cock had gone soft she kept it in her mouth
until she was done.  She had come without touching herself, just by
sucking me off.

She let my cock slide from he mouth and rested her head on my thigh,
the rest of her body collapsed between my legs.  After a moment, I
said, "Did you like that?" She did not answer, did not look at me.  
"You came too.  You must have liked it."

She turned away and hugged her knees, her back to me, and still did
not say anything for several minutes.  Then finally she said "I've 
never, um, done that before" in a soft, high voice.

"You forget I have pictures of you doing it to Bill Arnold," I said,
standing.

"No, I mean...." she turned her head and looked up at me, "I never
swallowed... it.  I thought..."  She drifted off.

"I felt my cock go into your throat when I came.  I think that's what
you felt.  And my come going down your throat."  Talking like this was
making my cock stir again.  Good, I thought, soon we go on to the next
step.

"Yes," she said.  After a moment she added "Your thing is so much
bigger than Randy's - my boyfriend's - or Bill's.  It was.... 
different."

"You liked it, Annie."

"Ann."

"Yes.  You did a good job, so it's Ann.  I can see this is going to be
a nice afternoon." I smiled at her reaction, which was mild shock.

"You mean we're not done?"

"Done?"  I laughed.  "We're about as far from done as you can imagine.
And this is just today.  I like this, Ann.  I like this a lot.  And in
a way, I think you do to."

She would not answer, but instead rose and went to the sink, to get a
drink of water.  After she finished her drink she turned to look at
me.  Standing there at the sink, bathed in the sunlight coming through 
the tattered curtains, she was lovier than ever.  I could see the 
moisture still glistening on her chin and the insides of her thighs.  
"I'm doing this because I have to.  Don't get the idea that I want 
this."

"I really don't care.  You're been getting your way all your life. 
Now it's your turn to do what someone else wants, " I replied, and she
turned angrily away.  "Besides, you didn't `have to' come like a
damned flood.  Maybe you don't like me, but you like this," I said, 
lifting my half-hard cock into my palm.

She turned back to face me, and stared at my cock, her lips parting
involuntarily and the tip of her tongue just touching her upper lip.
She turned away and was silent.

I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her from behind, my
hands cupping her breasts, my cock sliding across her ass.  She
wriggled a bit, trying to get free, but I held her tight, feeling her 
nipples and noticing how erect they were.  Although she was certainly 
trying not to, her hips were rotating ever so slightly, and I could 
feel her heart pounding through her breasts.

I bent down and whispered in her ear, "You want in, Ann, don't you? 
You want my cock..."

"No...no..." her voice weak and uncertain.

"Yes you do, I can feel your nipples, your heartbeat.  I'll bet your
pussy is getting wet."  I reached down with my right hand, and she
tried to fend me off, but it was obviously a half-hearted attempt.  
My hand stole between her legs, and I felt them part slightly.  Her 
pussy lips were puffy and her hole was soaking wet.

"Unnnnnnngh," she murmured, and her head twisted from side to side.

"Tell me you want it, Ann.  Tell me you want me to fuck you."  I was
really enjoying this, though from time to time it seemed rather like a
dream, and I was afraid I might wake up.

"No...let me go..." she whispered, but her legs parted farther, and I
felt her reach around to touch my cock with her fingertips.  When she
found it, she emitted a little gasp and wrapped her hand around it,
jerking the shaft slowly.

"Tell me.  Tell me you want me to fuck you."

"Ummmm.  Yes, OK, I want it."  Her voice cracked, and she began
breathing very hard.

"Want what?"

"Want your... cock."

"Want it where?  Want me to do what with my cock?"  I began to stroke
her clit against her pubic bone, and her hips bucked.

"Ohhhhhhhhh.  Oh, fuck me with your cock, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..."
She turned and wrapped her arms around my neck, and I felt her tongue
probe my ear.

I picked her up in my arms and carried her to the small bedroom, which
was right off the living room.  I laid her down on the bare mattress,
her ass just on the edge, and spread her legs wide.  Her pussy, such a
small, cute little rosebud, stretched and parted, the lips glistening in
the afternoon light.  I rubbed the tip of my cock against those lips
and up onto her clit and she went wild, her shoulders and head thrashing
back and forth, her back arching.

I gently pushed her tummy back down onto the bed, placed one hand on a
tit and held my cock with the other, and slid into her.  She was
incredibly tight, and I could only get about half of my cock in her at
first, though she was very wet.  Even so, her eyes popped open and her
mouth formed an "o" of suprise.

"Slow, slow, oh god, take it slow...."  She was pushing at my chest
with her hands, trying to get me to back out.

"What's wrong, Ann.  You're not a virgin, are you?"  I was teasing her,
but I also wanted to know.

"No," she said, talking between her panting breaths, "but I only did
it once, a long time ago, and I'm not use to this."

"Randy?"  I asked, and gave her two short strokes.

"Ahhhhhhhhng,  um, no, it was back in junior high.  You don't.....
ummmmmm.... know him."

"Gotta know, Ann.  Who got your cherry?"  I stroked her again, each
time going fractionally deeper, and for several moments she did not 
reply, her eyes closed, her teeth chewing her lower lip.

"Uh, Stuart Dawes.  Jesus, oh, ummmmmmmmmmm.  But his dick was ha-half
the size of yours, and...  ohhhhhhhhhhh....  it lasted about 20
seconds..."

I laughed a little, which made her look at my face.  Stuart Dawes had
been an aquaintance of mine in junior high, though I guess he had
moved away, since I had not seen him in high school.  He had claimed 
to have fucked Ann Macafee after the CIF basketball finals, but no 
one had believed him.

Thanks for priming her, Stuart, I thought, and began to fuck her in
earnest.

All protest from her ended as her pussy spread itself wide for me. 
She was holding onto her knees, spreading them as far as she could, 
and in ten smooth strokes I was buried in her cunt up to my balls.  
This was the best fuck of my life - she was so tight, so smooth, 
the internal contours of her pussy forming a perfect sheath for my 
hard dick, and we pumped like a German machine.

She began to come, her orgasm reaching an intensity that was almost
scary.  Her face and breasts went bright pink, her face grimaced, and
her hands gripped her knees so hard that the knuckles went white.  I
was loving the feeling, but since I had just come I had no problem 
holding back, maintaining myself on that delicious plateau a man 
reaches just before his orgasm begins.  As her orgasm peaked, she 
began to talk again, breathy, in a high, childish voice:

"Owwwwwwww, yeah, yeah, ummmmmmmmmmm, fuck it, fuck it, god, I love
it, ooooooooooo... do me, do me, god, your dick..."

Fianlly she subsided, her hips lowering back onto the mattress, her
hands relaxing and letting her knees slip away.  She smiled the smile
of the satisfied and wrapped her legs around my back, linking her ankles.

"You close?" she said, her eyes twinkling.

"Um, yeah.  Pretty close."  I was damn close, in fact.

"Come in my mouth again."

I was a little suprised at that, and my face must have shown it.

"I'm not on the pill," she explained, then after a moment added, "and
yeah, I liked the feeling of your come in my throat."

That did it.  She was begging to drink my come.  I could hold back no
further, and I pulled out and slid my groin up her chest, over her
tits, and let her take me deeply into her throat.  In three hard sucks 
I was coming, the feel of her firm tits against my ass accentuating the
experience.  I must have come more the second time than the first,
because quite a bit leaked out the corners of her mouth.

After I pulled out, she scooped up the come from her cheeks and sucked
it off her fingers.  Her espression was one of wild lust combined with
serene satisfaction.  We laid on the bed together for at least an
hour, dozing in each other's arms.  Finally, I glanced at my watch and 
saw that it was nearly 6:00.  I had to get home.

She got up when I did, and we stepped into the living room and dressed
in silence.  Once we were dressed, I gently took her by the shoulders
and sat her on the couch, then sat next to her.

"Well now," I said, "that was a very nice beginning, don't you think?"

She nodded, her face very thoughtful as she stared at the window.

"I think we could use some sheets on that bed, since I noticed you got
mattress-button marks on your back, and maybe next time we should
bring some refreshments.  Think you can handle that, Ann?"

She was quiet for several moments, clearly thinking things out, then
stood and began to pace around the room as she spoke.

"OK, look, I'm going to be honest here.  I could try and tell you I
hated this, but it would be a lie.  I liked it."

"You loved it," I corrected her.

"Yes, alright, I loved it.  And I want it to continue.  But we have to
have some ground rules."  She looked at me to gauge my reaction, but I
held my face passive.  "OK, first, nobody finds out.  Nobody at school
knows anything different is happening between you and me.  Second, I
do you, but not your friends - you can't even tell them.  Third, you
bring rubbers so I don't get pregnant.  Fourth, We don't do anything
strange.  You know, like tying up or whipping or anything like that."

"What makes you think you're in a position to make conditions?" I 
asked calmly.

"Come on.  You've been playing this tough-guy thing all afternoon, but
you'd much rather go on fucking me than show those photos.  We can
reach an agreement here, can't we?"

"Perhaps.  I'll address your points one by one.  First, I don't have
any intention of telling anyone anything - but one thing has to change."

"Which is?"

"Which is that you have to stop treating me like a fucking piece of
furniture at school.  When I say 'hi', you say 'hi' back, you know, 
just like I was a person."

She sniffed derisively, but did not argue.

"Second, my friends can find their own pussy.  Third, rubbers will not
be acceptable for either of us, believe me, so you go on the pill or
continue to take me in your mouth.  Lastly, 'strange' is in the eye of
the beholder, but I'm not a kinky person.  You will continue to do what
I say, however."

"Pulling out and coming in my mouth is not foolproof."

"Then get the pill."

"OK.  But I don't take it... in the ass."

"We'll see.  What about Randy?"

"He's a hood ornament.  I don't need him."

"What about Bill Arnold?"

She looked at me, and for a moment I pitied her.  "He's my only coke
connection.  What can I do?"

"You're off coke, that's what.  Look what it made you do...  Besides,
I'm gonna be taking up your free time with other pursuits."

She stood at the sink again, the light coming through the curtains now
coming from a floodlight outside, and I flashed back to when she was
standing there naked, my come on her chin and her come on her thighs.
Incredibly, I began to get hard again.  Ah, 16.

"Okay," she finally said.  "It's a deal."

She turned back to face me, and saw that I had drawn my cock from my
pants and watched it standing erect.  A clear lust appeared in her
eyes.

"God, again?" she said, and smiled slightly despite herself.

"You have a noticeable effect on me when you stand at that window.
Let's see how your cocksucking technique is coming along."

One of the highlights of my life was when Ann Macafee, queen goddess
of the school, unparalleled beauty, without hesitation and with the 
ease and obedience that comes from repeating a familiar duty, 
gracefully knelt down before me to take my cock into her pretty mouth.

