First Time

 
All I wanted was a nice, safe, monogomous relationship.
 
Of course in high school I was a simple guy, a bit different from the rest of
the people where I grew up.  I had a direction and a purpose; where most kids
were interested in going to parties and getting drunk (and maybe a peek if they
were lucky), I wanted to study and make something of myself.
 
You know the kind.  Poor white trash tring to make something of himself; the
kid in the corner with the glasses held together by tape, calculator in hand.
If this were an earlier age, he'd be trying to read the little black numbers
off the slipstick; maybe in the future it's a laptop with holograms projecting
out of it's surface.
 
Except that I never wore glasses.  My parents told me that in order to get
along in this life you need to dress well and look good, and who gives a damn
about your brains.  So I'm just shy of 6 feet tall and fairly well built; I
even play waterpolo when sufficiently drunk enough not to care.  But my desire
was to be a professional, perhaps a systems analyst, with a nice wife and a
couple of kids.  The dog in the front yard and the Volvo in the garage is
optional, of course.
 
When I was admitted into Pacific Tech, I was elated.  All the hard study and
good grades allowed me into one of the toughest schools in the state.  Yes, the
place had a 6 to 1 ratio male to female, but I was only there to study.  As
soon as I figured out what I wanted to do with my life, and as soon as I
graduated to a successful job I would go about finding that nice woman who I
could marry and live happily ever after with.  My life was progressing quite
nicely, thank you, and on the path I forordained for myself.
 
One of the first things that happens at PacTech (as we all knew the place) was
"Freshman Camp", a place where all the students went to learn about the honor
code and meet the various fraternities.  It's generally a three day affair
which takes place in a small cove just south of Avon on Santa Catalina Island.
 
We all gathered in the middle of the student houses for the bus ride out.  The
freshman class, about 200 students, brought their gear out and waited.  Looking
around I found more than a sufficient supply of calculators hanging from nerdy
guy's belts to satisfy the computational requirement of any one of NASA's space
probes.  I was glad for my parent's advice to keep care of myself and my
apperance; I certainly stood out from the crowd!
 
The busses arrived, and the great mass proceeded to stuff themselves in.  Not
in any particular hurry I moved to the back of the second bus, and made myself
comfortable.  As the bus packed, a rather pretty girl picked me out, and worked
her way to the back to join me.
 
She wore a rather tight leather miniskirt, a tank top, and a black leather
jacket; the exception to the rule of t-shirts and messed up hair.  From this
vantage I saw a rather shapely ass and thighs dressed in black fish-net
stockings, and something inside of me awoke for the first time.
 
It wasn't like I hadn't ever seen a girl before.  I had dated some in high
school.  It just was, well, not in my plans for the future.  I am a goal-
directed person; if it's towards my goal I am more agressive than most and
stubborn as a mule.  If it isn't in the direction I want to go, however,
nothing can cause it to capture my interest.
 
But something about the way she breathed was impressive.  Her shape, her long
flaming red hair, the smell of her purfume; I couldn't move, couldn't think.
Something more primitive was trying to rest the controls of my life away from
me, and I wasn't too certain I should give in.  When she asked if she could
join me, I stammered "uh, sure", and she giggled as she sat down and snuggled
up next to me.  And my poor mind fried.
 
Scotty, beam me up!  Circuit overload!  Red alert!  (And as a vision of me
rubbing her thighs, or letting my hand run itself up to the hair between her
legs.)  She held my hand and asked if I was okay.  I didn't know.  The Volvo
was sinking fast.
 
We arrived some thirty minutes and three thousand years later at the dock where
our boat would be taking the freshman class out to the island.  Gloria, still
holding my hand and chatting away about her family and her friends in high
school, was still snuggled up very close to me, and I was stiff.  Holding hands
was safe, but something inside of me was telling me that it wasn't.  The boat
arrived, we moved to there, and she sat herself on my lap, holding on to me as
the boat moved towards it's destination.
 
Actually the boat ride wasn't too bad; my mind having overloaded itself with
the possibility that there may be more to life than computers and a cosy
marriage in the distant future.  I rubbed her back and told her about the place
where I grew up; she held on to me and told me about her house in Texas and how
the waters in the ocean were so warm that she'd go swimming nude in the
moonlight.
 
Once the boat arrived, we were seperated.  The class seperated, was processed,
placed into their appropriate rooms or tents as the situation warranted, and
sent on our way to the lectures, meetings, and group talks which were supposed
to dominate our life for the next few days.  Of course I was disappointed; for
the rest of the day through lunch and dinner I hoped to meet Gloria and hold
her hand, but of course (my rational part told me) my purpose at PacTech was to
study.
 
After dinner there was a "campfire".  With two hundred people attending it's
rather hard to sit around a single fire and be cozy; and about an hour into
this listening to kids talk about their science fair experiments and how they
wanted to revolutionize Artificial Intelligence with the unique insight they
possessed, I quietly left.
 
Behind the campsite there is a hill called "Bible Peak."  It is a hill about
two hundred feet up with a cross of wood at the top.  It also possessed one of
the best views of the campsite and the ocean below.  In full moonlight I made
the hour trek to the top of the hill, where I found a rock and sat still,
watching the white waves crash below.
 
While contemplating the stars and my future I heard a twig snap behind me.
Startled, I turned around.  A dark figure worked it's way up the last 10 feet
of hill and sat itself beside me, moon at it's back.  Without a word, it
started stroking my hair and face, relaxing me.
 
Gloria!  I was happy to see her again, as I missed her company from the
morning bus trip.  She stood over me, while stroking my hair, and started to
work herself out of her tank top.
 
I grabbed her hand.  "Hang on," I said, "maybe we should talk.  I've never done
this before.  Can you just sit here and talk with me a while?"
 
"I'm sorry, I didn't know.  Are you okay?"
 
"Uh, yeah.  You just take my breath away.  Sorry; I'm just new at this.  Please
forgive me.  God your beautiful."  I was in overload; there were about a dozen
things I wanted to tell her but that was the best I could do.
 
She sat down next to me and held my hand, and we talked some more.  She had an
interest in photography and I told her how beautiful the moon and ocean would
be captured on film.  I told her about the stars where I was from and how if
you were patient you could make out the Milky Way.  She asked me about my
lovers and I admitted there had been none; I was always interested in fufilling
my dreams, but I had to admit I wasn't certain what they were anymore.  We
laughed, and when she went to kiss me on the cheek, it seemed natural to kiss
her on the lips.
 
She let her hands glide over my back and I held her and stroked her hair.  She
shivered when I ran my fingernails down her back, and experimentally, I let my
fingers run lower and lower over her ass as well.  I wispered in her ear,
asking if she was alright, and she responded by tumbling us both over onto the
grass, her on top.
 
She pinned me down with her hands on my elbows, and laughed.  "I've got you
now.  What should I do with you?"  "Uh, whatever you wish; you've got me, after
all."  To which, she started to unbutton my shirt and kissing my chest.
 
I worked her tank top off and started rubbing the skin underneath.  Her nipples
felt hard against my bare chest, and she gasped quietly when I ran my fingers
over them.  Perfectly shaped, she held one to my mouth and I started licking
it, first gently, then hard, pulling the enire nipple in with my mouth and
pressed around the tip with my toung.
 
Gloria picked her weight off of my hips and worked her way around to start
taking my pants off.  I rotated towards her on my side and started rubbing her
thighs.  Allowing my hands to work their way up her tight miniskirt, I found
her pubic hair wet, though then I had no idea why.
 
After working my pants off of me, she licked my stiff cock and started sucking
hard.  What fragments of my mind that survived up until then had been blown,
with the smell of her long red hair and her firm ass in my hands, my hard
cock in her mouth and part ways down her throat.
 
She asked me then if I wanted to make love.  I said yes, but I didn't know how.
"Don't worry; let me do the driving."  She unfastened her skirt and let it drop
to the ground, and sat herself on me, slowly working me inside.  Holding my
wrists to the ground, she rocked her hips back and forth until I was all the
way in, and rythmically she brought herself up and down.
 
I was breathless.  Gloria smiled at me and shuddered, getting tighter and
tighter around me with each pass.  She rocked for several minutes, and then
with some effort pushed herself upright, brushing her hair upright and allowing
me full view of her glorious chest.  I reached up and grabbed one, then the
other, and circled her tits with the tips of my fingers, spiralling from the
outside to the nipples.  It seemed forever she rocked on top of me, both of us
moaning and not carring who found us there, until I exploded, and for a moment
her face shined in something more than moonlight.
 
I asked her "Why me?" at some point during our lovemaking, and she laughed,
saying "Your cute, and I liked the way you tried to cover your shyness on the
boat ride over."  After our lovemaking I held her in my arms and ran my fingers
down her back.  By this time it must have been midnight; the moon now low over
the hills, and she snuggled close, spoon fashion; this time for warmth.
 
My hands fell on her stomach, and I drew circles around her bellybutton and
across the top of her pubic hair.  Turned on by this I bit the back of her neck
softly, and ran my fingers up and down from her chest to her crotch.  Her back
arched, pressing her ass against my now stiffened member.  Grabbing it, I
pushed it forwards and in, brushing her clit with my fingers in the process.
"May I drive this time?"
 
She arched her back even more, reaching around and grabbing my ass to help me
in deeper.  I held her, one arm around her stomach, and the other arm propping
her head up and holding her close.  We rocked, I driving myself even deeper and
deeper as she moaned.  I was sure we must have been heard, but I really didn't
care; the only thing that mattered was this sexy girl in my arms, and driving
her as wild as I could.
 
She broke out in a cold sweat all of a sudden, and I felt a wetness down below
that wasn't from me.  She then gasped, and her grip on my ass tightened as I
exploded again, clamping down on my teeth to keep from yelling at the top of my
lungs.
 
We met every night on that trip; each time in a different location near the
campsite.  She taught me the fundamentals of sex, her shapely body infinitely
adaptable to all of about a dozen different positions.  And as we sailed back
to the mainland back to school proper we held each other at the front of the
boat, her arm around my waist and on my ass, and my arm around her body, hand
inside of her leather jacket.
 
It's been almost seven years since my introduction to the mysteries.  Gloria
is now married and living somewhere on the east coast; I haven't seen her in
years.  I now live alone in a one bedroom apartment in Pasadena; somehow the
thought of a house with a wife and kids, Volvo and dog in the yard just doesn't
appeal to me the same way as it did before.  It's not a goal the way it was for
me before; now it's just something that I might like to have someday.
 
I have had quite a few lovers since that night; I've even been in a few
manage-a-tois.  With each lover I have learned something different about sex
and making love; with each person sex is different but always wonderful.  But
for me, the first time was special, a time that I shall remember always.

