"BRIAN & CARL"
by Young Gun


     Brian, clad in faded blue jeans and a white T-shirt, lay upon the bed,
facing Carl.  His shiny brown hair was tossed messily over his brown eyes. 
Brian's slight nose wrinkled as a mischievous smile curled beneath it.

     Carl wondered what he was thinking about.  Cupping the boy's face in his
hands, Carl said, "Look into my eyes!"  The boy, 18 years of age, did as he was
told.

     There was silence in the hotel room as the two males looked into one
another's eyes.  Moments passed.  Brian reached his hand to his pants and there
was a snap as he unbuttoned them, and then pushed them off to his knees.  He
lifted his feet slightly, and then had the pants off.  Carl could obviously see
Brian's aroused member poking from under his white briefs.

     Carl moved his fingers to the boy's underwear.  His fingers tread across
the youth's ass, to his heated sex.  Brian's cock, hips, and buttocks were
easily definable underneath the tight garment, which led Carl to suspect that
Brian had planned the entire series of events which had transpired tonight. 
"These briefs are at least three sizes too small!"  Carl thought.  He looked up
at Brian with half-suspicion and half-amusement. "Brian!  Did you plan this? 
Have you wanted to go to bed with me ever since we first met?"

     Brian avoided the first question, but answered the second.  "Yes, I've
always wanted to sleep with you, Carl.  I guess I might as well 'fess up!"
Brian said, grinning.  His voice turned low and lusty.  "At night, I've dreamt
that you were by my side, making love to me."  He smiled, but his cheeks turned
a shade of red nonetheless, and he shyly cast his eyes down.

     Carl laid his hand on Brian's chin and lifted the boy's face up. "What do
you want me to do with you, Brian?" There was a pause.

     Brian looked directly into Carl's eyes. "I want you to take me...now!"

     Carl chuckled.  He had lusted for the youth for a long time. Brian's
shapely, petite rear had not escaped Carl's attention. Particularly when Brian
trotted past Carl's table in his surfer shorts, Carl's eyes were on that
derriere, those two plump curves that Carl hungered to touch, and grasp, and
squeeze! Occasionally Brian might bend over to retrieve something, and Carl
would imagine himself next to the boy, thrusting, while Brian moaned
deliriously, in ecstasy. But he was concerned that he might rupture Brian's
insides and cause him pain. He felt he had to warn the youth.  No matter what
Brian's ideas about anal intercourse were, the reality is that it is risky and
sometimes painful. "If I do this, I may hurt you."

     Brian clasped his hands around Carl's shoulders and said in a loud voice,
"Carl!"

     "Yes?" Carl replied, annoyed and surprised.
     "You're going to do it!"

     "I want to!  But I don't want to hurt you, Brian.  You've never-"

     "That's right, I've never!  But I want to, now, with you!"

     Carl hesitated.  "Are you sure?"

     Brian nodded with a look of consternation.  "Damn it, Carl, I'll yell if
it hurts!"  Then his eyes gleamed as his voice took on an erotic, sultry tone. 
"I want to feel you inside of me.  I want you to push as far you can."

     Carl softly stroked Brian's cock, then sat up slightly.  "You win", he
said, "I want you...badly.  I always have!"

     Brian said, "No you haven't!  You've just started liking me.  I remember a
month ago when you weren't even paying attention to me!"

     Carl cast his eyes down.  "If only you knew how much I've thought about
you, Brian, you wouldn't have any doubts about my desire for you..."  He caught
Brian's gaze suddenly; the boy had been staring at him, transfixed with awe. 
He reached his hand to Brian's face and caressed the soft cheek, moving his
fingers to Brian's lips, which were moving, on the verge of uttering something. 
He stopped their motion. Brian took long, deep breaths as he gazed longingly at
Carl.  Carl slowly withdrew his hand.

     Brian moved his hand to Carl's pants.  He parted Carl's pants and quickly
lowered the zipper with a low, whining buzz.

     Carl wondered if he had stumbled into Paradise, perhaps the palace of a
sensual, pleasure-loving Hindu god.  Blood coursed into his heated sex and it
rose even as Brian went for it.

     Brian sunk his grasping hand into Carl's blue briefs and touched Carl's
cock.

     Carl softly cried "Ah!"; his eyes almost closed.

     Brian pulled Carl's briefs down.  He bent his head down.  He fetched
Carl's testicles with his tongue and plopped them one by one into his mouth. 
They disappeared beneath his lips; he utterly devoured them.  Brian smiled like
a wolf who has just eaten the chickens.  He licked them thoroughly.  Brian
grabbed Carl's cock and placed his mouth on the tip, and then swallowed the
organ.  He washed it thoroughly with his saliva, and gazed up at Carl even as
the cock met the roof of his mouth.

     Carl moaned, "ahhhhh!"

     Brian paused to consider his effect; he was proud of his performance.  The
next performance would be Carl's.  He let Carl's cock fall from his mouth, and
sat up.

     Brian rubbed his rear, knowing full well that in moments, his ass would
serve as an entry point for Carl.  The idea excited him.

     Carl looked at the boy, who seemed lost in thought.  "I'll give him
something to think about." thought Carl evilly.  Brian sat up.  "Now!" was all
he said. Carl lay there, dumbfounded, but watching with interest.

     Brian turned his lithe back to Carl and slowly peeled down his underwear.
Tight ass cheeks shined in the dim hotel room.  Brian thrust his buttocks
towards Carl and kneeled down in submission.  "Take me!" he whispered.

     Carl clasped his hands on the boy's buttocks, which wriggled under his
fingers and felt very warm.

     Nearly overcome by excitement, Brian took several deep breaths. He had
anticipated this moment for a hundred nights; the moment when a man enter his
body and pump him.  What would it feel like? He would soon find out.

     In seconds Brian winced from what felt like a sharp incision, and then the
organ withdrew slightly, then delved deeper, up his ass, into his body.  And
his slightly smaller cadaver responded, gorging itself until it was gleefully
fat, swaggering like a drunk between his slender legs.

     "Ooooh !  More than- ungh! -I expected!" Brian said, his speech impeded by
a forceful thrust.  "It feels so good!  Ah!"

     Carl now pumped into Brian with regularity, letting each powerful lust-
thrust count, and gradually picking up speed.  Carl's mind remained alert.
Reaching Brian's face, his hands caressed the smooth cheeks carefully, as if to
encode Brian's every physical detail for the future.
     
     Carl thought, "By God, whatever happens--if we part, never to see each
other again--I'll never forget this moment.  I'll never forget this boy!"

     He touched Brian's eyes, felt the lashes at half mast, the lids moist with
excitement.  Each time Carl thrust, Brian would lurch slightly forward and his
head would shake. "Brian?"  Carl said, continuing his thrusts.

     "Yes?"

     "We are as one now.  We have become one body, one mind.  We are both--oh"
-he heaved a heavy breath as the tension mounted- "near climax..."

     "Oh yes, yes!  Carl, yes!  Do me!"

     Carl grasped Brian's stiff cock.  Juice trickled slowly down from the pink
fruit gracing the thick stem. Rapidly, Carl moved to finish. He partially
withdrew, letting the anal muscles retract against his member, and positioned
his hand in front of Brian's penis.  His hand he formed into an external
vagina. Then, once again, he pushed into Brian, whose cock then pushed into
Carl's receptive hand. In this manner he completed the act, and at the final
moment, as he pushed rapidly into Brian's ass, Brian's cock expelled the vital
cream in great gusts, and his young body trembled, shuddering with electric
passion.

     "Ohhh God!" the youth exclaimed, as he released the potent energy. Carl
grabbed him desperately as he squirted the stuff of life inside the boy's ass.

