
                                   First Fuck

The first time I got laid was last summer when I was working as a grounds-
keeper on this lady's estate.  Her name was Estelle and even though she was in
her middle 30's, she had a great body on her and never missed a chance to let
us see it. She'd parade around in the warm sun in bikinis and hot pants and a
lot of times she'd take her top off and sunbathe. Then she'd get up and
accidentally make sure we got a peek at her full, hanging breasts.

The guys I worked with and me were crazy about her body and always fantasizing
about what it would be like to make it with her. Then one day it happened, and
I was the one who got the chance. It was raining real hard and the other guys
split. I hung around waiting for my dad to come pick me up. Then Estelle came
out and invited me in for a glass of iced tea. I could tell she had more on
her mind than drinking iced tea. I called my dad and told him not to bother,
I'd be getting a ride with a friend, and then I turned to watch Estelle. I
just loved the way every time she moved, you could see her ass jiggle.

She must have noticed this, because suddenly she turned around and asked me
what I was staring at. I said nothing and lowered my head. Then she came over
to me, took my face in her hands and kissed me. I could feel her big tits
pressing into my chest and my hard on must have been burning a hole between
her thighs. Before I knew what was happening, Estelle was down between my
legs, pulling my jeans off. My cock sprang out and she held it in her hand as
she lowered her head and put her lips around it, first the head and then all
the rest of it.

I almost came right then! All the other girls I'd gotten that far with always
acted like it was killing them to put their lips on my cock, and here was this
woman doing it willingly. With most girls, it's okay for you to put your
tongue on their cunt, but they won't do the same for you. But Estelle was
really different. I could feel her tongue slithering around all over my cock,
and her hand reached under and cupped my balls. I could feel my cock bulging
and tingling, and before I could stop it, I was shooting right down this
broad's gulping throat. She loved it, swallowing every thick, creamy drop.

Then she pulled me into the bedroom and undressed completely while I watched.
I couldn't wait to get my hands on those tits of hers! She got on the bed with
me and we really went to town, loving each other up kissing and sucking in
places I'd never even dreamed of.  Estelle straddled my chest and moved up to
offer ne her pussy to suck. I lapped her sticky juices like crazy!

Then she wanted to fuck. I got her down on her back and my hard meat into her.
I fucked her so hard the sweat was pouring off my body. I held off that time
so that Estelle could come again and again, scratching at my back and digging
her heels in my ass.

She was a great fuck, all right, and taught me a lot. But things like that
just aren't meant to last. A few days later she went on an extended vacation
and by the time she got  back, I was in school. I never did manage to get
together with her again, but I'll always be grateful to Estelle for that
fabulous fuck.
