Archive-name: Changes/become2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Becoming WANDA   Part 2


    What a night Wayne, WANDA, and I were having.  I felt sexier than ever
in those sheer panties, high heels, nylons, lipstick, and a red wig.  My
erection just wouldn't go away...no matter how much I "came"!  And sucking
cock, eating pussy, and having  a husband and wife suck my dick certainly
made me want to cum.  I don't know how pretty I looked in the outfit, but it
turned me on..and Wayne too.  He wanted to eat my ass, lick and suck my
cock, and fuck my ass; but I opted for eating more of WANDA in  her
identical outfit instead.  I ate her more fervently than I ever had
before...I guess trying to escape the realization that I had eaten Wayne and
enjoyed swallowing his cum...that I loved having his swollen dickhead, big
as it was at the end of his 8  inch cock, in my mouth.  I still get hot
thiking about that first time orgy with them, each of us dressed alike...as
WANDA.  She was the most beautiful, of course.  But Wayne and I were sexy to
each other; and WANDA was always turned on to sex.    So the re we were on
the bed, my face in WANDA's cunt, licking up the seeming gallons of cunt
juice, as she climaxed over and over again...almost each time my teeth
nipped her clit, or I slipped my tongue out of her pussy and stuck it toward
her asshole.  Meanw hile, WANDA was sucking Wayne's big penis out of the
tight sheer panties he had on.   And he was doing the same to my erect
little pecker, having pulled my panties down to my knees so he could not
only suck my prick but lick my asshole easily.  

    When he got me the hottest, with WANDA's wonderful cock-sucking help, he
turned on the projector again to show me a very weird, but sexy film, of the
big busted transsexual again.  He was having another woman lick his nipples
this time and her tongue action excited me even as I watched...WANDA
imitated everything she saw o n my nipples...and Wayne kept sucking on my
dick.  The woman slowly took of her clothes and revealed a very sexy ass,
much larger than WANDA's, but beautifully proportioned to her body.  As the
woman licked her way down the transsexual's body to his now  erect cock, she
kept her ass to the camera.  With his wand in her mouth, she reached back
and spread her cheeks, revealing her sexy asshole, which seemed to be
inviting a fuck.  When she got into 69 position over the guy, she showed
that her tits were bi gger and more beautiful than his.  She sat her ass on
his mouth and directed him to lick that sexy asshole; and WANDA did the same
to me...while Wayne kept on sucking on my cock.  I licked WANDA's sweet ass
for a long time with my eyes on the wall, watch ing the similar action in
the porno flick.  When they  began to suck each other off, her sucking his
erect seven inch semi-hard dong and he eating her juicy, sopping cunt; I
shifted to eating WANDA with delight; and she helped Wayne lick and suck my
cock .  But I still kept an eye on the movie, which intrigued me. Until
there was a break in the screen action.

    When that flick resumed in a second or two, the guy with the tits looked
transformed...more beautiful in the face.  The smile on his lips seemed
sexier.  The camera panned down his torso lingering over the erect nipples
on those big jugs.  I wanted t o suck them!  And then down past his smooth
belly and navel...to his miraculous crotch, which no longer had a penis!  He
had finished the operation, and had a cunt!  He was clean shaven, no pubes
at all.  He actually had cuntlips, though you couldn't tel l how deep a
vagina they had constructed for him...until the action resumed.  The same
sexy broad whose ass he had eaten earlier proved to be "lesbian" because she
resumed the 69 action with him.  The camera caught some great cunt licking
tongue action w hich also excited me and made me wish that I was in her
posiiton.  Then the camera pulled back as she sat on his face and he ate her
the way I still love to suck pussy with a woman on my face and my hands free
to stimulate her nipples and fondle her brea sts and ass.  While she was
cumming all over his/her face, a huge donged Hispanic entered the scene with
at least ten inches of dick.  He knelt and licked the new cunt for a while. 
Then he stuck his big dickhead in the opening of those sexy lips.  And i n a
few minutes he was fucking her passionately, as she was passionately eating
the other woman's overflowing cunt and pulling on her tits.  When the
sexy-assed broad climbed off his face, she bowed, revealing her sexy ass to
the camera and made an exit.   The other two began to 69; and you could tell
that they loved the taste of the Hispanic's cum, his dick was dripping with
it...and he shot another wad into that new woman's eager mouth.  I shot my
cum then too.  And both Wayne and WANDA enjoyed every drop.  I was so hot
and felt so naughty that I pulled my sheer panties completely off, wagged my
ass at Wayne and WANDA, spread my cheeks and said, "Lick my ass. you tw o! 
Give me lots of tongue.  I'm your private whore.  I want you to lick my
hole...then I want Wayne to fuck me while I fuck your sexy ass, WANDA.  And
that's what we did....   (But you can read about that in WANDA's Wonderful
Ass, the next story.)  

--
