                 Lust At the Bowling Alley

Chapter IV.  The Evening Continues

Sally was being ass fucked for the umpteenth time when one
of the men told her to sit on his cock using her ass hole.
He was lying on the floor stroking his dick when she
straddled him and placed his cock in her ass.  By this time,
her ass hole was so stretched and slick with sperm that any
cock would simply slide into her ass with little resistance.
Her cunt was still gaping and the insides rubbed the man's
pubic hair as she slid back and forth on the man's fuck
tool.  Soon, another man got behind her and placed his cock
at her already full ass hole.  He wanted to double fuck her
ass.

Sally's ass had already had over a hundred fucks that
evening and was almost numb when she felt the added
pressure.  It wasn't like she felt another cock entering but
it was like she had this sudden urge to shit.  As the other
man finally penetrated her hole, Sally felt her sphincter
yield and a large pressure exerted in her bowels.  She had
to shit whatever was in her ass out quickly.  The two men
felt the contractions of her ass and it just turned them on
more.  They were fucking her ass in rhythm.  One plunged in
while the other pulled out.  Her ass sounded like a washing
machine sloshing and slapping.  Sally could only moan as the
two men finally shot still another load of slime in her
hole.

This new idea of double fucking her ass got the other men's
attention and they wanted to try it also.  Sally knew that
she was in danger again because the men had found a new
source of energy.  After the two men pulled out of her ass,
she lay down on her back and spread her legs wide in the
air.  She reached down to her cunt and with four fingers of
each hand, spread open her cunt hole for the men to see.
"Look at my pussy.  See how hot and open it is for you."
She was reaching deep into her cunt with both hands up to
the knuckles and pulled her gaping maw apart.  The men could
see the folds of red flesh and the knob of her cervix.  She
wanted the men to fuck her cunt instead of her sore, swollen
ass.  But the men just wanted her ass.

"Hey bitch.  Open your ass hole as big as your cunt."  Sally
could only get two fingers of each hand into her ass and
strained to open it wider.  But she knew the men wouldn't be
satisfied.  She had to think of how to please them by
stretching her nether hole.

Chapter V.  The Second Trophy Girl

Sally remembered the trophy of the second girl in the glass
case.  It was a white plaster mold that resembled a huge
ball with a steel ring inserted in it.  It was as large as a
volleyball and almost round in shape but seemed to have bits
of blood and brown streaks around it.  Sally remembered the
story that went with the trophy.

The second girl was a fiery redhead with lesbian
preferences.  She enjoyed being fisted and could take the
largest dildoes either in her ass or her pussy.  In fact,
her ass hole was so large that she had to constantly wear a
3 inch diameter butt plug in her ass to avoid an
embarrassing accident in public.  In private though, she
would just dribble her sex juices down her legs.

When the men found out that she preferred girls, they still
fucked her ass and shoved a bowling pin neck in for good
measure.  Then they sent her over to another part of the
building where their mistresses were with a note that said
to "Fix this dyke".

The mistresses were older women who had seen it all.  They
knew how to handle an attitude adjustment.  The redhead was
told to lie on her back and spread her legs with her knees
up.  One of the mistresses walked in between her legs and
started to stroke the girls pussy.  As the girl got wet, the
mistress inserted three fingers into the hot cunt and
stroked in and out.  The girl just lay there and said, "I
could use something bigger."  The mistress removed her
fingers and made a fist.  She placed the knuckles up to the
girl's wet cunt and pressed inward.  The cunt hole opened up
and accepted the fist easily.  The mistress then pistoned
her arm in and out, making the girl's belly move up and
down.  The girl responded, "Harder.  I want it harder."  The
mistress yanked her fist completely out of the girl's cunt
and punched it back in the now gaping hole.  She kept
pulling her fist out and punching the girl's cervix with
increasing fury.  The girl started humping her hips up and
down in passion.  The mistress was punching hard now and
often missed the hole.  The girl's cuntal area was showing
signs of purple bruises from the blows.

After about 80 blows, the girl's body stiffened as she
reached down to her clit and pinched it hard.  Her pussy
gushed with fluid as the fist was plunging in and out.  The
mistress yanked her fist out with a plop and said, "Well,
you like it hard and rough, don't you?  We can arrange for
harder and rougher than this."  The girl was told to get on
her hands and knees with her legs spread wide.  The
mistresses circled around her and then started punching the
girl's cunt and ass hole.  Half the blows to her cunt
proceeded into her pussy hole while the others caused
bruises.  The blows to the girls ass jarred her tits into
jiggling mounds until her ass hole opened enough to accept
the fists.  A few of the mistresses started kicking the
girls cunt until their boots were accepted into her pussy.

By now the girl's sex area was a bruised, swollen double
hole of pleasure.  But she still wanted more.  The swelling
had the effect of making both holes smaller but the fists
and boots kept making her holes larger.  The girl knew that
when the swelling went down, her holes would remain larger
and she would need even more from her next sex session.  She
viewed her sexual needs as seeking the ultimate session.
Her sense of pain was intertwined with pleasure and each
heightened the other.

The mistresses now wanted to see her take as much rubber as
she could.  They brought out dildoes of various sizes from 2
inch pricks with balls attached to giant rods of latex that
a horse would be proud of.  The girl immediately grabbed the
horse rod and placed it on the floor aimed up at her cunt.
She bent her knees and let the rod penetrate her cunt hole.
The rounded head of the rod spread the girl's cunt lips
outward as she pressed her body further down the shaft.  The
girl then asked for a hand to guide the rod in.  One
mistress grabbed the rod near the girl's cunt and steadied
it.  The girl then slid her cunt hole down the rod on top of
the mistress's hand.  She was going to take the 5 inch
diameter rubber rod and the mistress's hand inside her cunt.
The cunt slid further and further until the hand was
completely engulfed by her blazing cunt.  The girl then
started moving up and down leaving a shiny coat of sex juice
on the huge rod and hand.  She then asked the mistress to
make a fist inside her cunt.  The mistress struggled slowly
to clench her fingers together.  It was incredibly tight
inside the redhead's fuck chamber but it was eventually
done.  The effect was that the girl now had a pronounced
bulge in her belly in the shape of a fist.  The girl
continued her up and down plunging of this impossible
combination.  Her sex juices were flowing freely down the
mistress's arm and thick rubber rod.  The girl finally said,
"Yank your fist out now."  The mistress started to spread
her fingers out but was interrupted by the girl, "NO!  Yank
your fucking clenched fist out now.  Hard."  With that, the
mistress pulled hard and popped her fist out of the gaping
cunt.  The girl cried out and shot more cum juice down the
rubber horse cock.  She had another intense orgasm.

While this cunt abuse was happening, the other mistresses
were preparing their version of an ultimate fuck.  They
instructed the girl to lie on her back with her legs spread
and up over her head.  She was given a bucket of grease and
was told to totally lubricate both holes.  The girl reached
into the bucket and pulled out a handful of axle grease.
She then spread it on her cunt and ass hole.  One mistress
said to spread it inside also.  The girl then grabbed
another handful and plunged her hand into her cunt and
spread the grease internally.  Then she got another scoop of
grease and plunged her fist into her ass and deposited the
grease.  The mistresses then wheeled a barrel of plaster
next to the girl and inserted a hose first into the girl's
cunt.  She was then pumped with quick drying plaster of
paris.  The girl's belly bulged as the plaster filled her
cunt chamber.  It must have been a gallon before the
mistresses stopped.  The palster started hardening and the
girl could feel the heat building in her fuck hole.  After
it had hardened, the mistresses screwed an eye bolt into the
now solid mold.  Then they attached a rope connected to a
pulley hanging from the ceiling and started pulling the
plaster mold from the girl's cunt hole.

It was fortunate for the heavy layer of grease still in her
cunt that allowed the cuntal mold to start sliding out of
her belly.  The girl was actually lifted off the floor from
her cunt gripping her self made dildo.  Slowly and
agonizingly the plaster mold slid out of her extremely large
cunt.  The mistresses stared in awe at what came out.  It
was a perfect gourd shaped mold of her inner fuck capacity
with an indentation of her cervix.  The girl's cunt hole now
refused to close and her cunt lips were gaping open.  "It
looks like you could take a bowling ball in your cunt now,
honey," said one of the mistresses.

It was now time for the girl's ass to receive the mold
treatment.  This time a plug was attached to the hose and
jammed into the girl's ass hole.  More plaster was pumped in
except this time, the mistresses didn't stop at just filling
her.  They were pumping more and more plaster into the
girl's ass than was reasonable.  After a gallon and a half
was forced in, the girl's belly was bloated as if she were
pregnant.  The mistresses let the plaster harden and then
screwed in another steel bolt.  They connected the rope and
heaved the girl up by the ass completely off the floor till
she was upside down.  The girl could only moan at her
situation.  She knew that the mold was too big to come out
of her ass.  One mistress grabbed and hung onto her to force
the mold out.  The girl's ass bulged outward but the mold
could not be expelled out.

After hanging there for an hour, the girl was pleading to be
released from her misery.  She was handed a crowbar and was
told to release herself.  The girl put the crowbar into her
cunt hole and started to pry the mold out, using her clit as
leverage.  She was ripping her cunt walls with the crowbar
but the mold was starting to move.  She started jerking on
the crowbar, banging her clit, as the neck of the mold
emerged from her ass hole.  Blood and streaks of grease and
shit were coating the white plaster.  The girl was hitting
her ultimate sex session by mashing her clit, ripping her
cunt with a crowbar and tearing her ass hole while upside
down.  She shoved the crowbar deep into her cunt and heaved
on the crowbar and lifted the ass mold out of her tortured
hole.  Where she used to have a sexy fuck hole, there was
now an angry, bloody pit that oozed grease and blood.  She
hit the floor hard and her cunt spit fuck juice up to the
ceiling.  Her body convulsed in the ultimate orgasm as now
her cunt and ass were fully abused and satisfied.

There were now two plaster molds hanging from the ceiling.
One was twice the size of the other.  The mistresses gasped
at the size of the ass mold compared to the girl's cunt
mold.  The girl never gained consciousness after her orgasm.

Sally didn't want that kind of ultimate orgasm.  She wanted
something more "natural" like being fucked by a fist or
dildo.




Chapter VI.  Sally Survives.


