Archive-name: Family/bigbro.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Big Brother


I'm sick and tired of all the hypocrisy surrounding incest in the media. I
hate to get up on my high horse about it and let some of my own personal
secrets out of the closet, but I feel I just have to. My brother and I have
been having sex together for years and we've always enjoyed it and suffered no
ill effects.

We are from a normal, middle class family and are not degenerate perverts as
so many people believe practitioners of incest must be. Sex with my brother,
while kept secret from the rest of the world, including our parents, has given
us a lot of happiness and well being.  No one is abusing or exploiting each
other as in so many other relationships we see around us. We are both very
happy and well balanced for the experience.

Our first physical contact came when we were both over 18. We were used to
seeing each other in various stages of undress since we came from a family
where nudity was very casual and accepted.

One time when our parents were away for a few hours he met me wrapped in a
towel as I came out of the shower and he was heading in to take one. Bill
playfully grabbed my towel and pulled it off me as I brushed past him and I
did the same to him in retaliation. There we were, standing in the hallway by
the bathroom, completely naked, completely alone. I think it was then we first
realized our tremendous attraction to each other. I know my breathing was
coming harder than it ever had in my life when I saw his big cock.

That led to a little innocent grabbing and poking as we stood there, and the
next thing I knew we were rolling around on the floor, tickling one another.
My pussy was getting hotter and wetter by the minute and since I had already
had sex with one of my boyfriends, I knew what this was leading to.

Bill's dick was getting hard, I could feel as it brushed against my thighs,
and I could tell he was a little more serious about this than he pretended to
be.

At one point he finally got me down on my back and pinned me with his knees on
my shoulders. He was sitting right on top of my ripe, full tits when he put
his weight down, and my nipples were hard. I couldn't help sticking my tongue
out and giving his balls a few playful licks so that he'd let me up.

He did, like he was scared at first, as I could see his cock was very hard and
throbbing and he was probably scared we'd gone too far.

I didn't care. All I wanted was to wrap my lips around that cock of his and
suck it. It just seemed so right, so natural to do this, as opposed to the
times I'd been made to suck my boyfriends, which always seemed forced.  Those
times we'd be parked or at a drive in movie, and when I sucked them I always
felt I was servicing them, giving them relief without getting anything for
myself.

Bill stood up but I grabbed his leg and kept him from getting away. I sat up
on the floor and got my arms around his thighs. Then I put my lips on his
cock. Instinctively, bill reached down and held my hair and the back of my
head as my free hand caressed his swollen balls.

But suddenly Bill pulled away and jerked his cock from my mouth. He said
later, "It was all just a joke, right?" But I was determined to take our sex
play one step farther.

In the days and weeks to come, I couldn't get the thought of how sweet his
prick had tasted out of my mind, and I masturbated a lot at the thought of his
prick inside me. I knew he was doing the same because I could hear the soft
moans coming from his bedroom late at night when our parents thought both of
us were sound asleep.

But because Bill still thought he wasn't ready and because of our busy
schedules, I was forced to resort to the role of aggressor, which I had never
enjoyed before. I would dress in my scantiest, tightest outfits whenever Bill
was around, and I gave up dating temporarily to maintain that fine edge of
horniness that turned me on. I was continually rubbing against him whenever we
passed in the hallway reminding him without words of what was in store for him
if he'd only give in.

Finally one Saturday morning I got him alone and came on strong. His cock was
very erect beneath his undershorts, and within minutes I was straddling him,
my pussy encircling and devouring every thick inch of his hard, throbbing cock
till he exploded his sperm inside me.

Since then, we've averaged having wild sex together as often as two or three
times a day whenever we're together.  Sex has become an important part of our
relationship, and Bill enjoys it just as much as I do.

I'm somewhat of a semen freak, and Bill has an abundant , seemingly never
ending supply, so we're always doing things like letting me suck him off and
rubbing his come into my tits.

Now that I'm living in an apartment on my own, Bill drops over for frequent
visits. Recently I experienced the special pleasures of a threesome when he
brought one of his dates over. Most of the action was between Shelly, a sweet
coed he'd met at school, and me while Bill watched and urged us on. I doubt I
ever would have had the special pleasure of tasting a girl's hot cunt if it
weren't for Bill. I wish I could teach the guys I go out with to be half as
good a lover as Bill has turned out to be.

Incest may be wrong where a parent forces a child to participate or where
people suffer afterwards from shame, but in our case of incest between my
brother Bill and me, things really turned out for the best.
--
