BILLY MEETS HIS MASTER
 
by Frank Albertson
 
a story written for Master G on Doug's Den, Boston, Mass.
******************************************************************************
 
     Billy stepped out of the shower and looked at himself in the long 
bathroom mirror.  He liked what he saw.  His blond hair was shiny, his blue 
eyes sparkled, and the muscles of his 5'9" frame were well-defined -- showing 
his years on the high school swim team.  He flashed himself a smile and felt 
the familiar tension between his legs begin to mount. 
 
     Billy was always horny, particularly in the locker room.  He was always 
stealing glances at the other guys, and trying to hold back from getting 
completely stiff and turning red with embarrassment.  Despite his horniness 
and his admitted good looks, he was shy.  The girls who were always looking 
him over intimidated him, and he was afraid to approach the guys.
 
     Tonight was a special night for Billy.  He had just turned 18, and he was 
going out on the town to celebrate.  He pulled on a tight-as-skin white t-
shirt and a pair of levi cut-offs, some tennis, and he was off.  Soon he was 
among the familiar turns and alleys of the "zone".  Going from shop to shop 
with his hard dick showing, he found himself captivated by a collection of 
leather toys in one of the out-of-the-way shops.  There were body harnesses, 
chains and cuffs, cock and ball harnesses, a variety of tit clamps, and whips. 
The effect on Billy was immediate and overpowering.  His cock grew harder and 
harder and sweat broke out on his brow.
 
     "Like what you see?"  The voice startled Billy, and he whirled around to 
see the store owner staring down at him with a big grin.  This was a man in 
his 40's with strong muscles, and he was modeling some of the shop's wares.  
The sight made Billy's head swim.  "Into leather, kid?"  the man asked.  "I 
see you are," he answered himself, as Billy was too tongue-tied to answer.  
"Gets pretty lonely out there in the suburbs, with no "kindred souls" to talk 
to and nothing to do but jerk off, hunh?"  Billy was freaked out.  How could 
this stranger know more about him than he knew himself?  
 
     "Well, you don't have to be lonely, you know," the big leather-clad guy 
continued, as though to himself.  "There are lots of other guys just like you 
around here.  You can have your pick, whatever meets your taste.  They're all 
listed on this computer data base, complete with contact numbers.  All you 
have to do is take that little step forward, and turn your fantasies into 
reality."
 
     Billy's heart was pounding as he looked over to the computer monitor and 
keyboard in the corner of the shop.  The guy was motioning for him to come 
over and check it out, and somehow he didn't dare disobey.  He didn't DECIDE 
to do it, he just FOUND himself there.  
 
     As he scrolled through the screens, that feeling in the pit of his gut 
grew tighter and tighter.  These were men of all ages and descriptions 
offering themselves as either the givers or receivers of pain, abuse, 
humiliation, bondage, and discipline.  "23 year old seeks older man for firm 
guidance and discipline.  I need your strong hand, sir.."  Billy's cock was 
rock hard and straining against his cut-offs.  And then he saw it: 
 
     "Master G., 41, seeks young submissive types, 18-28, for discipline and 
bondage.  You will be bound, gagged, and worked over until you can take no 
more for the enjoyment of myself and my friends.  You will put those swim-team 
muscles to good use, straining against your bonds as I work your cock and 
balls.  Safe sex only, limits expanded.  You know you want it.  Get off your 
ass and DO something about it TODAY."  A local phone number followed.
 
     Billy's saliva stuck in his throat as he asked the store-owner for a 
pencil and paper.  He wrote down the number in a nervous handwriting, and left 
the shop quickly. As he stepped out into the street, the message from the 
Master burned in his brain and kept his cock hard as a steel rod.  Every 
telephone booth made his balls jerk.  What would he say to this man?  Why was 
he even thinking about such a thing?  What was it that made his cock so damned 
hard at the idea?  
 
     Billy wandered aimlessly for 2 1/2 hours, unable to tear his mind away 
from the words he had read.  Finally he found himself in a telephone booth, 
dialing the numbers...
 
     "YES...?"  said a rough voice from the other end of the phone line.  
Billy was taken aback.  "... unh ... Sir, I got this number from a computer at 
Jake's Leathers on Washington Street, sir.  ... unh ... Did you leave a 
listing there, sir?" Billy's knees were shaking and he could barely get the 
words out.  "So you think you can handle it, kid?"  Billy was at once 
incredibly relieved and incredibly disturbed that he had reached the right 
party.  "Ever done this sort of thing before, kid?"  "No, sir."  "How old are 
you, kid?" "I just turned 18 a day before yesterday, sir!"  "You'd better be 
telling the truth, kid.  Describe yourself."  "Well, sir, I'm 5'9, I have 
blond hair, and I was on the swim team, sir.  I don't know what else to say, 
sir."  "Well, kid, if you're serious, be in front of North Station at 8 PM next 
Saturday night, wearing nothing but cut-offs -- no shoes and no t-shirt.  Do 
you have a butt plug?"  "No sir," Billy said in astonishment.  "Well get one 
from Jake's, with some lube.  He'll fix you up.  I want you to wear it all 
week.  That'll make it easier for you.  And another thing... Don't play with 
yourself this week.  I like my balls full when I bruise 'em.  By the way, 
what's your name, kid?"  "Billy, sir."  "Ok, Billy, next Saturday we'll see 
what you're made of.  By the way, you can call me Master G.."  ... and with a 
click, he was gone.  
 
     Billy was quite confused, and didn't know just what to do.  But he found 
himself wandering back toward Jakes, and he did pick up the butt plug, like 
Master G had said.  Jake also gave him some lube, and told him not to worry, 
that a whole new world of excitement was about to open for him.  Somehow Billy 
didn't find that very consoling.
 
     Throughout the week that followed, Billy could think of nothing except 
his upcoming encounter with Master G.  What had he let himself in for?  WHY 
was he going to do this?  WAS he going to do it?  The time marched on, slowly 
and inexorably.  He did try out the butt plug as Master G had said, and as the 
week went by he got hornier and hornier.  But he was afraid to touch himself, 
afraid to violate Master G's explicit order, sensing that somehow inevitably 
the Master would know..  "This is crazy,"  he would tell himself, but it made 
no difference...
 
     Finally it was Saturday, and he was slipping out of the house in nothing 
but cut-offs.  It was late May and coolish, and people stared at his bare 
chest and feet as he waited for the train.  Soon he was on it, and then he was 
at the appointed spot, waiting for his master.
 
     The minutes dragged by and Billy got colder and colder and more and more 
self-conscious, and no sign of Master G.  Billy was beginning to be afraid that 
a cop would come by and ask him what he was doing, and bust him as a hustler, 
a thought that sent a tingle down his spine and a jolt to his cock.. But just 
then a black chevy truck swerved to a stop right in front of him, an arm 
reached out, and grabbed him up into the cab, and he was staring right into 
the eyes of Master G.  He immediately looked down at his feet, his mind 
reeling at the sight of the man in leather cap, vest and body harness, black 
chaps and engineers boots.  The arms were tattooed and the eyes were hard.  
 
     "Well, well, well, what have we here?"  said Master G, as he grabbed 
Billy's wrists behind him and snapped on some cuffs, which he secured in a 
loop for that purpose at the back of the seat.  Billy said nothing as the 
truck pulled out and climbed up onto the expressway..
 
     Master G could see Billy's discomfort as the truck bounced along the 
expressway, a tense silence filling the cab.  When the truck bounced, the 
cuffs cut into Billy's wrists, causing him to wince and his muscles to 
stiffen.  Billy was deeply conscious of being bound almost naked under the 
eyes of this powerful man, and his breathing was labored, and his cockhead 
began to stick out from under the cutoffs.  He could do nothing about it with 
his hands bound behind his back.  From time to time Master G leaned over and 
gave a snap to that cockhead peaking out, causing Billy tense and jerk and 
jolt.  But the cockhead only pushed out further, and began to leak precum 
juice.  Master G also used the opportunity to play with and pinch Billy's 
sensitive tits while he could do nothing about it.  Billy didn't dare say 
anything, as his anger and excitement built simultaneously.  For the entire 
ride Master G continued toying with Billy in these ways, while saying nothing. 
And Billy certainly didn't dare to speak.
 
     The truck was turning off the expressway now, and moving into a rural, 
wooded area.  Billy could see they were on a dirt road, and his wrists FELT 
every hole, every gyration.  The truck was pulling up to a bungalow, and 
pulling to a stop.  
 
     "Well, my tight-assed little boy-toy, we have arrived," said Master G.  
"It is time for you to show me what you've brought me."  And with that he 
pulled down Billy's fly and practically ripped the cut-offs from his body.  
Billy's uncut 8" shot up in the air, and Master G gave it a stinging slap on 
the underside.  He cupped Billy's ample balls and said, "we certainly will 
have fun with these!"  Billy was crimson with embarrassment and rage, but his 
straining rod continued to leak juice.  And now Master G had him naked by the 
wrists and was leading/dragging him into the bungalow, freely slapping his ass 
when he lagged.  They entered through a side door that led directly to a 
spiral staircase leading downward.  The cold stone steps chilled Billy's feet 
and soon they were in a dark room with black walls, with exotic equipment of 
all kinds dimly visible.  Billy's arms were jerked up behind him and his 
wrists fastened putting uncomfortable tension on his shoulders.  His ankles 
were now grabbed and pulled apart, and secured to rings in the floor by 
manacles.  Billy was quite helpless and uncomfortable, looking warily at the 
mean-looking man who had put him in this position.  
 
                          .. to be continued in part 2.

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
            ***		Another file downloaded from the Antares Dawn BBS.
	  *******\|/	Eugene, Oregons new GLB Board
	 *********O-	 
	 *********|\	(503)-342-5515	300, 1200, 2400
	  *******	v.42, v.42bis, and MNP-5
	    ***
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*


