Archive-name: Casual/busstop.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Dream fantasy  ( a la Gloria)


   I hadn't been sitting at the bus stop long when a rather rough and muscular
man with a beard and plaid work shirt and jeans sat down next to me.  It was
just beginning to get dark.  The long shadows had disappeared, and the weak
light of a closed auto parts store accross the street cast a moonlike glow
over the nearby trees and shrubbery.  I nervously pulled my purse nearer,
looking down.
   "What's your name?" he asked.
   "Barbara," I replied, my eyes glancing up at him and then back down to my
hands.  His eyes had met mine for only an instant, but I could tell his gaze
had returned to examining my breasts under my red cardigan sweater. I suddenly
felt totally nude.
   Reaching into my purse, I removed several Hershey's Kisses, unwrapped one
and put it into my mouth.  It was soft and sticky from the day's heat.
   "Have some," I said, handing him two of the chocolates.  As he unwrapped
one, I licked the chocolate from my fingers, looking into his eyes with my
eyebrows raised.  His eyes met mine again with a smile.
   "Your hands are a mess," I said, and reached for his hand.  One by one, I
placed his fingers in my mouth, first sucking and then licking away all traces
of the chocolate with my tongue.  Without releasing his hand I stood, took my
purse, and led him around the bus stop bench.  There was a school athletic
field here, and a tiny building for athletic equipment squeezed the loose
hedges and trees into an iron fence.  In a moment we were in the
shrubbery between the fence and building.
   His hands reached for me roughly, brushing the underside of my breasts, but
I placed my hands on his shoulders and pressed him unprotesting against the
wall.  His eyes widened.  Kneeling then, I unzipped his jeans and pulled them
and his briefs down in a single stroke.  His cock swung slowly before my eyes;
I could feel its warmth radiating onto my face.  Gently I cradled it in my
hands, lifting it to my mouth.  I moved my tongue slowly around the tip and
then slid it in.  It grew pulsatingly larger every second.  Placing my hands
on his hips, I moved them around to his buns and held the loose flesh there,
moving his cock in and out.  A groan escaped his lips and he placed his hand
on the nape of my neck, slowly stroking my long yellow hair from the
underside.
   The pressure from his hand increased suddenly, his cock filling my throat.
His come filled my mouth, and the spasms from his groin pulsated from my head
down my spine.  Swallowing, I stood and smiled at him briefly.  A sound from
the street heralded the arrival of the bus.  "Bye bye," I said, slipping out
of the hedges quickly.  "Barbara!" he called.  I said nothing, leaving him
there frantically dressing himself.
   As I stepped onto the platform of the bus, I could hear "What's your phone
number?" faintly over the roar of the bus' engines.  Not looking back, the
doors closed behind me and the bus lurched into the deepening night.

--
