Archive-name: Bondage/bschool1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Boys School


    When the school for Boys closed it's doors, the board of directors
decided it only right that Parkview accept coeducational enrollment.

    Hmmph, thought Jean, "This could mean trouble". Thoughts ran through her
mind of her girls being taken advantage of... rapes, pregnancies. She
decided that a course of strict discipline for these boys would be necessary
to keep them in line.  She would instruct the staff and of course she would
also get the girls to cooperate in their discipline also.  "About time they
learned,"  she thought.

    In the Phys Ed office she looked through the one way glass out at the
indoor swimming pool at about thirty naked boys frolicking in and around the
pool.  They had expressed a desire to go swimming but as Burnside had no
pool they were not equipped with suits.  She had told them to simply
"skinnydip" as she didn't intend to let any of the girls swim with them
anyway.  She observed very few had grown any pubic hair yet.  Most seemed
fit enough.  Even a few might be considered well endowed for their ag e as
she watched their small penises and scrotums flop around as they walked and
ran.

    Jean intended to go for a swim herself.  She changed into her briefest
bikini as she wanted to look sexy for the girl joining her.  If Ilsa
Skoglund had been around during the Renaissance, all those paintings of
Venus would have had her likeness inst ead of others.  Tall, statuesque,
blond with long legs and large breasts,  Jean's hand would instinctively
move to her crotch at the very thought of her.  Not that Jean wasn't
beatiful in her own right.  Shorter, with brunette hair she also had an
ample  bosom the envy of all the girls in the school.  She and Ilsa would
swim and play together for a while in the pool, spend a little time in the
sauna, and then off to her private quarters.  The boys, being nude, would
probably be embarrassed and leave them alone in the pool.

    Ilsa came in wearing her own brief bikini under her jogging suit which,
after giving Jean a long and loving kiss on the lips,  proceeded to remove. 
Ilsa would speak to Jean with her husky Norwegian accent and she would just
melt in her arms.  The girls were ready for their swim but what were these
giggling sounds coming from the adjacent locker room?  They had better
investigate.

    As they looked around the room, they found the source...There, kneeling
on the floor were Kara and Susie, two pert little thirteen year old blonds,
peeking through the air vent on the door to the pool. Wearing their blue
gymsuits but otherwise barefooted Susie had her hands up underneath Kara's
blouse fondling her just emerging breasts.  The sight of all the naked boys
had obviously aroused them as Kara started to run her hand up the inside of
Susie's thighs to her vaginal area.

    Jean and Ilsa smiled at each other and gave a little cough to let the
younger girls know they were there.  The girls, startled, jumped up and
greeted their teachers.  "And what were you two looking at?"  grinned Jean
as the two women approached them.   "Looking at the boys' little weinies?"
piped Ilsa.  "We were just watching to see they stayed out of trouble, like
you said Miss Harrow" stammered Susie.  "But I think there's a fight going
on out there Miss Harrow" said the wide eyed Kara.  "What?" said Jean as she
opened the door and looked out.  Sure enough, there were two boys rolling
around on the floor with several others, their butts glistening from the
pool water, standing around watching them.

    Jean was furious as she stalked out to the pool area.  Pushing some of
the boys aside she grabbed the two fighters by the hair..."Alright you two,
break it up!"  The two stood up as Jean told them "Get into the locker room,
and we'll get to the bottom of this, YOUR BOTTOMS!"  She looked around at
the other boys some of whom were covering their genitals with their hands,
"I will tolerate no fighting and in a few minutes you will see an example of
the punishment you will get for breaking the rules here."

    Jean followed the two boys, one a freckly faced redhead named Jason, and
the other a darkhaired boy named Curtis, into the locker room where there
awaited Ilsa, Kara, and Susie.  Ilsa sat nonchalantly smoking a cigarette
while the younger girls gaped  at the naked boys.  The boys, embarrassed at
being nude in front of everyone, tried to cover their genitals with their
hands whereupon they were slapped away by Jean, "We've seen boys' penises
before, and yours are not so special that you have to hide them."  Jean
instructed Kara and Susie to run to the rec room and return with some ping
pong paddles.  "Now, what was this fight all about?" asked Jean, glaring at
them, when Ilsa got up and standing behind her gave her a little kiss on the
neck and whisp ered, "May I spank them too?"  The boys looked frighteningly
at the two women whose bikini bottoms didn't quite cover all their pubic
hair and only partially covered their butts.  Both felt a little strain on
their foreskins as the heads of their penises  started to push out a little.

    When Kara and Susie returned with the paddles, It was Jason who spoke
first.  "Uh, we were fighting because Curtis yanked me Miss Harrow."  "Is
that true Curtis," Jean asked "I'm not familiar with this 'yanking'
business, show me what you mean, demonstrate."  Curtis looked furtively at
the two younger girls "Uh, right here Miss Harrow?" "No," said Jean
sarcastically "on the planet Mars, now show me," whereupon Curtis reached
over and tweeked Jason's penis producing a yowl from him and fits of
giggling from the two little girls.  "So that's how you like to play is it
Curtis," as she reached over and grasped his penis, "how would you like it
if people did that to you?" as she gave it a good pull.  The boy was near
tears as he stammered his apologies  the whole time Jean giving his penis a
few tweeks.  "Now," she said "you two are going to be punished, but first
you will kiss and make up."  The boys looked at Jean and then at each other,
"Uh, kiss Miss Harrow, what do you mean?" said Jason.  "I mean kiss, as on
the lips, stand facing each other and kiss, now" said Jean.  The boys faced
each other looking sheepishly and their mouths came together for a little
peck.  This time Ilsa, sitting next to Kara and Susie on the bench piped in,
"No boys not like that... like this..." when she took Kara in her arms and
gave her a long lingering kiss on the lips.  Kara could not help herself as
she responded by softly caressing Ilsa's breast.  "Well boys," said Jean
"are we going to do it right or are you to suffer even worse punishment?" 
This time they brought their bodies together arms around each other and met
full on the lips letting the moment linger as did Ilsa and Kara.  When they
parted, they stood in front of the girls only to discover they had full
erections sticking straight up at them.  With the two girls giggling at the
sight Jean commented, "You'll not be allowed to roam around the school in
that state either, but we'll do something about that *after* your
punishment."  At this point Kara and Susie walked up to Jean and whispered
something in her ear each while staring at the boys erect penises.  Jean
chuckled "why girls, they are not circumsised, that's why they look
different, here let me show you," whereupon she took Jason's penis in
between  her thumb and finger and rolled back the foreskin, "see, now it
looks the same, here you try it dears."  At Jean's suggestion, Kara and
Susie did not hesitate to each take an erect penis and roll back the
foreskin for their own observation.  "See girls,  there is the head and you
can see the urethra now, but at this point you need to learn how we are to
discipline these boys," she said.

    Jean istructed the boys to stand up on the bench while telling the two
girls to take up positions behind them with the paddles.  "Now I want you
boys to spread your feet apart, bend over with your hands on your knees and
squat."  With more girlish giggles behind them, the boys did so, presenting
their butts for paddling with a clear view of their little dark rectums, a
sight not lost on Susie who placed a finger on Curtis's producing a little
yelp on his part.  Jean could not help but laughing but a dmonished the
girls,  "OK, enough horseplay girls, lay onto those butts and then Miss
Skoglund and I will have a turn."  The girls went at it with enthusiasm
getting an "ow" from the boys after each underhanded stroke, soon turning
their bottoms a deep shade of pink.  "Very good now girls, now let Miss
Skoglund and I have a go."  The girls turned over their paddles to the older
women and "THWACK!"  This time there were no little yelps of pain, just
grunts and murmurs; they were in shock.  Ilsa and Jean turned their bottoms
just about beet red before they tired of it.

    Jean had the teary eyed boys get down from the bench each rubbing their
very warm butts, she noticed that their erections had not subsided and
announced her plan to get rid of them, "now as I mentioned you will not be
allowed to parade around the school with your penises erect, so you will
both get rid of them."  The girls wondered how this would be done while the
boys looked at Jean and stammered "uh how do you mean get rid of them Miss
Harrow?"  Jean laughed and said "well we're not going to cut them off but
since you are both fond of fondling your own and each others sex organs I
want you to masturbate each other until you reach climax."  Ilsa put her
hands on Susie's shoulders and said "ooh, now girls we will really get to
see a show!"  Jean led the two boys to the bench and had them straddle it
facing each other.  "Now move up close to each other and Jason, you put your
legs over Curtis...." The boys did so until their penises were touching. 
".....and each of you take the other in hand and start jerking up and down."
 The boys did as instructed and started their motions a little tentatively
at first but soon acheived a sort of rythym.  "That's it boys, very good, a
little faster now please."  Jean, Ilsa, Kara, and Susie each stood next to t
he masturbating boys and watched intently as they stroked up and down, their
faces starting to get a little flushed.  "Now each of you take your own
testicles in your other hand and massage them," Jean said, not wanting this
to take all day.  She wondered if she shouldn't have them stand up and stick
something up their butts to move them along. "But nothing handy" she
thought, "maybe next time we'll get the dildos out."

    It wasn't long when almost simultaneously they started shooting out jets
of sperm landing all over each others stomachs and hands.  "There now," she
said "wasn't that enjoyable after your little spanking?"  Ilsa said, "well
we certainly enjoyed the show, didn't we girls?"  turning to Kara and Susie
who nodded their heads giggling.  Jean had them get up and presented them to
the others.  "See girls," she said, patting the underside of Curtis's now
limp penis, "no more erections."  "Now we will take them out to show the
other boys."  The two women and two girls led the boys out to the pool where
the others were still playing and swimming.  Kara and Susie now stared
intently at what they had heretofore peeked at through the air vent.

    Jean had all the boys gather round and made her little speech:  "This is
what happens when you break the rules here."  Ilsa turned Jason and Curtis
around so the others could see their still pink butts.  "And don't think
just because there are no staff members around that you will get away with
any infractions."  She then brought a smiling Kara and Susie forward each
holding a paddle.  "We are training the present students here on the means
of discipline necessary to keep you in line."  Jean noticed  some of the
boys had the beginnings of hair around their genitals and told Ilsa "While I
am thinking of it Miss Skoglund, have the school nurse shave each of these
boys with pubic hair.  We can't be sure if Burnside's hygenic standards are
up to par with ours."  "Now," she continued, "I want you all to run two laps
around the pool, and then go to your showers, the girls and I want to go for
a swim."  "Now make it fast, the boys in the last two places will both get a
few swats for good measure."  

    The girls watched as they took off running.  Kara and Susie wondered
which two they would get to paddle.  Jean felt she had everything under
control.  Kinky thoughts ran through Ilsa's mind as to all the things they
would get to do to their new charges.

Coming:  Part Two of "Miss Harrow's Schoolboys" 
--
