Copyright © 1998,   (anonX).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (anonX) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  





--------



I had always fantasized about getting caught masturbating. Something
about it really turns me on.  A few times I know of, I have been
watched, but never straight up caught, until now. Tonight my fantasy
was to cum true, but a little differently then I had always imagined.

 I recently went to stay with my sister Lisa in San Francisco for
about a week. She lives with her best friend Tammy, who I have wanted
to fuck ever since I was 14. Tammy and my sister were both 21 now, and
I was 23. Tammy would flirt with me, but it never amounted to anything
except a good jack-off session for me. After a couple of days of me
staying with Lisa and Tammy, they both seemed to forget I was around.
They would walk around in little T-shirts and underwear, or shower
with the door open, etc. It wasn't really unusual for Lisa to be so
comfortable in front of me, after all, we were very open at home with
Mom and Dad. Our family would hang out around the house wearing very
little. The unusual part was that Tammy was doing this. I hoped this
was a message that she finally wanted to further our relationship. I
figured that I would try and get something going between us. 

My sister had given me her video store card so I could rent a movie if
I wanted. Friday night I came back to their house after wondering
around the city to find my sisters car gone, but Tammy's car in the
garage. I figured this would be my perfect opportunity to try and fuck
Tammy. I went to the video store and rented the new Jenna Jameson
porno. I have always thought it would be incredible if I walked in on
a girl masturbating, so I assumed girls felt the same way about guys.
When I got back, the light in Tammy's room was out, so I figured she
had gone to sleep. I sat down on the couch, put in the movie, and
relaxed. The movie was so hot that it didn't take long for me to pull
my dick out and start masturbating. I have always liked to masturbate
for as long as possible, bringing myself real close to cumming, but
then stopping. Sometimes this would last for hours and hours. After
about an hour, I heard some noise coming from the hallway. I assumed
it was Tammy getting up for some water or something. Here was my
chance to get caught, and possibly fuck Tammy, if she liked what she
saw. I heard footsteps coming down the hallway, and then stop just
before the TV room. I was so turned on knowing that Tammy was around
the corner watching me, but I pretended like I didn't know she was
there. She stood there for about 10 minutes. All I could think about
was " is this turning her on ? ", and "should I let her know that I'm
aware she's there ? ". My biggest concern was if she was going to try
and sneak back in her room, or would she bust me. I had to slow down
to keep myself from cumming, I was soooo hot. After what seemed like
hours, a figure finally walked out from around the hallway. The only
light was from the TV, so all I could see was long blond hair, and a
perfect body, wearing only short, black workout shorts, and a cut-off
white tank top. I tried to act surprised when she walked out, but I
was really turned on beyond belief. I couldn't see if she was angry,
or smiling, or what. I started saying, " Oh shit, I'm sorry, I thought
you were asleep." I didn't put my dick away cause I thought that would
look lame. I just held my hard dick in my hand, and apologized. In all
my years of fantasizing about getting caught, nothing could've
prepared me for what was to happen next. 

I heard my sisters voice say "don't worry bro". I couldn't believe it,
I had been caught jacking off by my own sister. Well now I really
didn't know what to do, so I just stared at her. She looked me right
in the eye, let out a little laugh, and sat down on the other couch
and proceeded to watch the movie. By this time, I had put my dick back
in my pants. I wasn't ashamed about what I was doing, but I also
wasn't going to make my sister uncomfortable by stroking my hard dick
right in front of her. We both continued to watch the movie for about
45 minutes. I was really turned on at this point, and I was wondering
if Lisa was too. As far as I was concerned, there was no way in the
world any normal human being could watch this and not be horny. My
hard-on was extremely visible through my sweat pants. If Lisa even
glanced in my direction, she would've noticed. Guess what...that's
exactly what she did. She turned towards me to comment about the scene
we were watching. She got half way through her sentence and then
stopped, she was staring right at my hard dick. I made a gesture like
"what do you expect". 


She then said "don't worry, if I had a dick, it would probably be just
as hard, if not harder". 

We both laughed. She then turned to me and said 

"hey, I didn't mean to make you stop your fun, I can go back to bed if
I'm in your way".


 "No, don't even worry about it" I said. 

"Well I hope it wouldn't make you to uncomfortable if I were to touch
myself" said Lisa.    

"No way, I don't mind if you don't mind" I said


With that said, Lisa brought her hand down to her stomach and started
to rub it. Her tank top was now rolled up to right underneath her
breasts. She really had a incredibly sexy stomach. It was tan and
firm, with just a slightly visible bit of muscle. After a couple
minute of that, she brought her other hand down in between her legs,
but on top of her shorts. By now, I was teasing my dick through my
sweat pants, and was really horny. We went on watching the movie and
letting our hands wander over our bodies, but neither one of us were
really masturbating. The last scene of the movie was, and till this
day is, one of the hottest scenes I've ever watched. Peter North and
Jenna Jameson suck and fuck each other on the hood of a car. I was so
into the scene that I didn't even notice I had pulled my dick out of
my pants and was stroking it up and down. Lisa saw this and followed
my lead. She pulled her little shorts down almost to her knees and
started rubbing her wet pussy. I looked over at her to find out that
she shaves her pubic hair down to a real thin strip, like a mohawk. I
couldn't believe what was happening, my sister and I were masturbating
in front of each other !! I remembered that I had some lubrication
that I like to use when masturbating, so I pulled it out. I offered
Lisa some, but she said that she was wet enough for now, but could I
leave it out where she could get to it if she wanted. I poured some on
my dick and set the bottle down on the table. I could have cum at any
moment, but I wanted this to last, so I backed off every time I got
close. After about 10 minutes of this, I had a realization, I was
focusing my attention on Lisa instead of the movie. And the crazy part
was, I was more turned on then I'd ever been. I didn't want her to
think I was getting off on watching her, so I made myself watch the
movie. I stole glances at her and say that she now had two fingers
inside her pussy, while rubbing her clit with the other hand. We were
both breathing heavy by now, and there was an occasional moan from one
of us. Much to our disappointment, the movie ended, and we were both
stuck sitting there in the blue light of the TV screen, masturbating
like crazy. 

  Neither one of us knew what to do right then, but we both knew that
we had to do something. 


Lisa turned to me and said "I hope you don't think I'm disgusting, but
would you mind if I just watched you jack-off, you really look sexy".

"To tell you the truth" I said, "that would be a big turn-on for me as
well".


With that out of the way, Lisa got up, took off her shorts completely
and sat down on the same couch as me. We were only about a foot away
from each other, me stroking my dick, Lisa fingering her cunt.  Lisa
reached over to the table and got the lube. She poured some on her
pussy, and then handed it to me. I put some more on my dick and placed
it back on the table. We sat facing each other staring at one
another's  movements. This was more of a turn-on then I had ever
imagined. 

   Lisa was playing with her nipples now, while fucking herself with
the other hand. I wanted nothing more at that moment then to shove my
face in between her thighs and taste her cunt, but I knew that she
might not be into that, so I refrained. Lisa was bucking her hips up
and down now and I could tell she was close to cumming. I couldn't
hold out much longer myself, and I told her that I was gonna cum. What
she said and did then surprised the hell out of me. She laid down on
her back and said "cum on my stomach, please, I want to feel your hot
cum on my stomach". It was a dream cum true. I got on my knees and
positioned myself over her. We were both fucking ourselves hard now
and Lisa screamed "I'm cumming, cum with me, now, now". That was all I
had to hear and I was shooting my cum all over her chest and stomach.
Lisa was having a very intense orgasm, and that made me cum even more.
Lisa took one of her hands away from her pussy and started rubbing my
cum all over her. I decided to take a chance and join her in spreading
my cum on her. I reached my hand out onto her stomach and started
rubbing my cum around. She didn't seem to mind that, so I took it a
step further and reached up to her tits. She arched her back and
moaned loudly as I pinched one of her nipples in between my fingers.
She definitely didn't seem to mind. 

   We both laid there for a while without saying anything. I was
hoping that she wasn't having any regrets, then she said "I had no
idea what we've been missing out on all this years". That was great,
she really enjoyed it, and so did I. 

   We haven't gotten a chance to do it again, but I'm sure we will. I
think about it all the time, and it always gets my dick hard. I'll
keep you all updated...     























--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....