
                                  BRENBLK9.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                                 "STRETCH ME!!"
                                  (If you can)
                                   Chapter 9

      Brenda proved to be no scholar!  Her poor academic performance however,
had nothing to do with her intelligence.  Brenda was one very smart young
woman. There were simply too many distractions!: Black boys in the Activities
center, Black boys in the athletes dorm, Black boys on the intramural field,
Black boys... well, you get the idea.  The impressionable young girl's entire
day was filled with one flirtatious encounter after another.  There simply
wasn't any time left for study!

      At the beginning of her second semester, Brenda decided that she needed a
course that would hold her attention, keep her more in focus. And what course
did our little blue-eyed princess choose? -- Adult Sexuality 101, and she did
gain a lot of useful information from it.

      It was a very popular class among all the freshmen, and Brenda was
astonished on the first day to find that it met in a large auditorium that was
filled to capacity.

      Brenda almost smirked out loud when the instructor, a young Ph.D.
candidate, in the course of his lecture, stated that..." all studies show that
the size of the male penis has no effect on the state of arousal for the female
during the act of intercourse... the occurrence of orgasm is achieved primarily
through mental processes."

      'What fuckin planet did this bozo hail from!?!,'  Brenda wondered to
herself, 'I've got half a mind to stand up and tell it like it is!' Brenda knew
from firsthand experience that the length and thickness of a man's fuck-pole
had EVERYTHING to do with how much satisfaction a girl could expect to receive.
This particular professor, Brenda decided, must be one of those teeny-weiner
white guys who are unable to cope with the natural fact that all men are not
created equal!  That thought gave the delicious blonde an idea for a T-shirt
statement: It's not what you do with it... it's the size that really counts!

      She reveled in the thought of wearing a shirt like that into this
classroom -- just to watch that nerdy instructor's ego deflate.

      Brenda was never seen on campus unaccompanied.  Whenever she was walking
between classes or just hanging out in the student activities center,  she
would always latch on to the nearest handsome, Black stud available (there were
always several) and submissively hug his biceps as they proceeded.  Our sweet,
luscious, little debutante also developed the shamefully naughty habit of
kissing her big, ebony boyfriends whenever they found themselves in a crowd.
Deep, wet soul kisses!, any witnesses who stood nearby could hear the little
blonde swallowing  and whimpering as she sucked on the studs' tongue.  The
diminutive blonde loved to do this, in part due to her insatiable attraction to
tall, dark men, but also because Brenda absolutely adored the public attention
this kind of behavior would elicit from the other students and faculty.

      She would watch their faces for reactions as they passed by. They were
usually quite predictable: shock, frustration and humiliation from the white
guys; curiosity, envy and lust from the white girls; while the other Black
dudes would just give them that all-knowing smile that said "yeah, my turn is
coming." Being the recipient of all these looks made the ravishing little slut
very horny and she usually didn't get very far with her "Othello" before she
would pull her brawny escort into a nearby secluded spot for a quick taste of
ebony delight.

      Flaunting sexual taboos in public made Brenda's panties get soaking wet!!
God, what a naughty, nasty little white girl she was!!

      Brenda had enrolled in a Black studies course to fulfill one of her
electives. She wanted to learn all that she could about the Black experience
and thought that this would be an excellent way to do so. 'Besides,' the pretty
coed reasoned, 'being the only white girl in a room full of Black boys can only
bring positive results.'

      Professor Jackson was a tall, muscular man who had played football at
Grambling, where he also earned a Ph.D.  He was quite young (only 32),
extremely handsome, and had a voice that could fill a stadium.  Brenda was so
hopelessly infatuated with this man that if she were ever to just touch him she
just knew that she would explode in orgasms!!  Prof. Jackson has a habit of
pacing back and forth across the front of the room as he would lecture. He was
a very militant man and he preached the rhetoric of the Black Panther party
with an intense passion.  Brenda was bedazzled by his aggressive charisma.  Her
panties always got hot and moist as she watched that Black hunk pace before
her.

      Brenda began to employ one of her old schoolgirl tricks -- she sat on the
front row every day and wore very short dresses! Obeying her slut-girl
instincts, she would then slide way down in her chair to afford that wonderful
man a most favorable view.  Each time that Prof passed in front of her, Brenda
would casually spread her thighs and absently lick her lips as she stared hard
into his crotch.  The delicate material of her panties was so thin that the
outline of her soft, puffy mound and slit were easily discernible.  She liked
Professor Jackson very much and she knew that this would brighten his day!

      One day, Professor Jackson, in the course of his lecture, stopped right
beside Brenda's desk.  He was all fired up over a lecture on affirmative action
and was giving quite an emotional performance! Brenda turned her head to look
up at her idol and... WOW... just inches before her pretty button nose was a
big, beefy, Black man's bulge!! The professor was wearing some rather tight
slacks that day and our petite slut could easily see the outline of his briefs.

      Brenda could not have torn her eyes away even if she had wanted to do so,
and as she gawked, she noticed that it was beginning to grow!!  To the white
girls disbelief, that bulge began to shift and roll as though some small animal
was trapped within and was slowly struggling to break free!

      Suddenly, there was jolt as the massive head of the Black man's penis
broke free of the briefs legband.  A sizable portion of that bulge was now
growing and snaking it's way down Professor Jackson's left leg.  The white girl
secretly prayed that the strained inseam of his slacks would burst open,
freeing the object of what Brenda now knew was the source of every white man's
worst nightmare.  Brenda's nipples began to ache!  Her mouth began watering
uncontrollably!

      Her eyes bulged in disbelief as she witnessed that delicious organ grow
inch by inch, by inch, by inch, by inch, by inch, by inch...

      Nasty, forbidden questions began to form in Brenda's pretty little head
as she absently stared into that Black Prof.'s crotch: How do these Black
Romeo's grow such massive fuck-poles?... and why are the white boys so small in
conparison?... Do all white girls secretly yearn for that bigger-nigger stretch
session?... or for that matter do most of these girls even realize that the
Black boys who pass you in the halls every day are capable of doubling or even
tripling the depth and girth of their sexual horizons?

      She continued to daydream, about how those Black monsters feel when they
penetrate to the depth where even the white ones have been... and then comes
the delicious, mind-blowing experience when they keep pushing, and stretching
in for an additional six inches or so!!  That's when Brenda begins climaxing --
and continues her orgasms until that overgrown cunt buster withdraws with an
obscene "pop."  She absolutely adored the way her small, taught pussy got
stretched to it's limit -- like a condom over the end of a baseball bat!!
Everytime that our sweet Brenda got impaled on a Black lance, she wondered just
how many other young, white daughters had been stretch-fucked  on this
particular organ?

      Oh what a joy it was to be a young, pretty, white girl attending a
college that had so many good looking, muscular, hung Blacks. Of course, she
could never possibly fuck them all -- but she just knew that she would have to
try!

