

        ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
        º THE VERY UNOFFICIAL GUIDE TO WALT DISNEY WORLD º
        ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
             By Todd D. McCartney         1992 Edition
                          Revision 92.4.3
                     Released: April 20, 1992
                Next revision due out on May 20th.
               ÚÄ¿
               ³C³opyright 1992 by Todd D. McCartney
               ÀÄÙ
     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
     ³This book is dedicated to every child, in other words,³
     ³       every single person young and old alike.       ³
     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

                         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                         ³ INTRODUCTION ³
                         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    Walter Elias Disney was always a dreamer.  Walt wanted to
create a place which would be as much fun for adults as for
children.  This refers to the quote "There is little adult in
every  child, but there is a lot of child in every adult."  On
July 17, 1955 Disneyland opened its doors in and became the
"Happiest Place on Earth".  Yet Walt wasn't satisfied, he realized
he should have purchased more land. Walt soon went to work on it
and purchased 27,500 acres (43 square miles) of land near Orlando,
Florida.  This piece of land was 150 times larger than that of
Disneyland in California.  Walt made this statement on his TV
show: "Here in Florida, we have something special.  There's enough
land to hold all the ideas and plans we can possibly imagine."
Here, not only would a theme park be built but an entire resort
complex with hotel and recreational facilities.  Walt Disney never
saw his Florida dream come true.  He died in 1966 right after
introducing his plans.  His brother Roy took command of the
company Walt had established.  The creation of Disney World became
the largest private construction project in the United States
ever. Over 8,000 workers built the Vacation Kingdom.  More than
eight million cubic yards of earth had to be moved, swamps had to
be drained, and canals and lakes had to be dug.  On October 1,
1971 the Vacation Kingdom of Walt Disney World was opened to the
public.  Roy O. Disney used Walt's comment in his dedication
speech: 'You can dream, design, and build the most wonderful place
in the world, but it requires people to make the dream a reality.'
In one year the resort had attracted almost 11 million guests.
Before his death, Walt even had ideas for other parks.  His
concept of the Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow
(EPCOT) was described as this:
       EPCOT will take its cue from the new ideas and new
       technologies that are now emerging from the creative
       centers of tomorrow that will never be completed,
       but will always be introducing and testing and
       demonstrating new materials and systems.  And EPCOT
       will be a showcase to the world for the ingenuity
       and imagination of American free enterprise.  When
       EPCOT has become a reality, it's our hope that it will
       stimulate American industry to develop new solutions
       that will meet the needs of people expressed right
       here in this experimental community.
Walt wanted EPCOT to be a city that people could actually live in,
and demonstrate the highest technology available.  The city would
have its inhabitants living around a central hub, or main
building.  Eleven years after the opening of Walt Disney World,
Walt's greatest dream became a reality.  On October 1, 1982 EPCOT
Center was opened to the public.  Although EPCOT Center was not as
Walt envisioned, it is a showcase of technology and the world.
Almost seven years later, the Disney/MGM Studios was opened on May
1, 1989.  Now in 1991, the Vacation Kingdom is a young twenty
years old, housing 3 theme parks, 2 water parks, 12 resorts, a
night club type entertainment complex, a hotel complex, a shopping
village plus a lot of magic, and much, much more.  Two more
resorts are being built now, a large addition to the Disney/MGM
Studios and construction of the fourth theme park has begun, and
many ideas have yet to be released to the public (See the 'IN THE
FUTURE' section for more information on these topics).  Walt
Disney World is truly The Vacation Kingdom of the World.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
To the reader:

   This book actually started out as a letter to some friends in
England.  I heard they were going to visit Disney World and they
wanted me to give them some information.  Of course the original
was much smaller (less than 4000 words (We are now over 11,500!)).
I am also writing this book, if you can call it that, so that you,
the reader, can get an idea of what Walt Disney World is about.  I
have been down there quite a few times and it is an incredible
place.  You should know (providing you read the introduction) that
there are three main parks in Walt Disney World (With a fourth
under construction!): The Magic Kingdom, EPCOT Center, and The
Disney/MGM Studios.  I'll describe each one and tell you about
each attraction in each park.  The time given after the
description of a ride is the actual time for that ride.  An
asterisk (*) next to a description means the attraction is a
personal favorite of mine.  An "at" sign (@) next to it, it means
it is a popular attraction to the general public, and you should
ride it during parades, fireworks, right after the park opens or
right before the park is about to close, if the lines are longer
during peak hours.  I have divided the book into nineteen main
areas: When Should We Go?, Resorts, Contacting WDW and Making
Reservations, Transportation, Magic Kingdom, EPCOT Center,
Disney/MGM Studios, Night Life, Dining, Shopping, Water Parks,
Other Attractions, Basic Tips, In the Future, Maps (Gif form for
IBM), Fun Facts, Famous Quotations from WDW, Special Thanks To,
and Revision Information.

    Please feel free to make copies of it for friends, family,
neighbors, pets (well, read it first, then paper train your
puppy!) etc., but please don't add your own information.  This is
copyrighted material so if you have something to add, please write
and tell me about it, and don't add to it or copy it.  If you use
this information for reports etc, I take no responsibility in the
accuracy of the information provided.  I will update this
approximately every two months, and as I receive more information
from Disney about new things going on down there.  I get the
magazine "Disney News" so I am updated on the newest things going
on.  Most of my writings are based on my opinion and a personal
description of the ride.  Any extra information such as bus
schedules, statistical data, etc., that I needed please refer to
the bibliography section.

    After my physics teacher read over my book he mentioned that I
was missing one important item: information for the Handicapped.
I never even thought of it, sorry to say.  WDW is VERY well
adapted for wheelchair use.  Wheelchairs can be rented at the
following locations inside the parks: (Magic Kingdom: right after
you walk through the main gate there is a place to rent them.
EPCOT: To the left of Spaceship Earth, after you walk through the
main gate.  MGM:  To the right of the main gates, inside the gas
station.)  Blind people can rent a audio cassette player and a
tape with a description of the park.  I believe these can be
rented at the same locations (I'll find out definitely for the
next release).  Almost any attraction in the entire resort complex
is well outfitted to accommodate wheelchairs.  I will update and
expand this area in the next release.

    If you feel like making a comment, see an error, get a sudden
urge to send me some money so I can go to WDW again, or just want
to thank me, you can do so by writing to me at:

                                     Or call PC-Exec BBS at
        Todd D. McCartney            300-2400 (414)789-4210
        21 South Auten Ave.      9600 Dual Standard (414)789-4315
        Somerville NJ 08876         24hrs, 250+ lines!, 15 gigs!
        USA                         Send mail to Todd McCartney
                                     THE LARGEST NATIONAL BBS
                                    SUPPORTING ALL COMPUTERS!!

I hope to hear from you, I love getting mail and I would like to
know what you think of this. Please write!! I need ideas! Well, I
hope that this book gives you a good idea of the Vacation Kingdom
of the World.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³NOTE: I will refer to AA many times throughout this book. This  ³
³stands for "Audio-Animatronics".  Audio-Animatronics is the use ³
³of computerized moving mannequins, and it is used in most of the³
³Disney attractions.  The mannequins are quite realistic and     ³
³their movements are incredibly lifelike.                        ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
³   Also from now on, anytime you see WDW it means Walt Disney   ³
³   World and anytime you see TTC it refers to the Ticket and    ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ Transportation Center.ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
                    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART I
                      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                      ³ WHEN SHOULD WE GO? ³
                      ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    One of the most challenging questions for any vacation is
deciding when to go.  The one thing about Walt Disney World is
that it is never closed so you don't have to worry about that.
Personally I feel that October is the best month.  The temperature
is mild and all the kids are back in school and the crowds are
much smaller.  Taking the kids out of school for a week should not
be too much of a problem, but just make sure they get their
homework done BEFORE you leave, (especially high school students
(being one myself I know.) because once you get down there, they
won't be able to find any time to do it.  The only problem with
October is that the parks usually close earlier (8 to 9pm), rather
than staying open to midnight as in the summer.  The drawback from
the parks closing early is that certain parades and fireworks may
or may not be presented.  Call Disney for information on parades
and fireworks.  I found August to be VERY hot and crowded.  If you
do like waiting in 1-2hr lines in 90-100 degree weather go in
August.  Stay away from Christmas, New Years, President's week
etc.  They will be the most crowded.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART II
                            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                            ³ RESORTS ³
                            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    There are 12 main resorts in the Vacation Kingdom, each with
its own theme.  I will explain each one and give you an idea of
the prices.  No matter where you stay in WDW there is excellent
transportation.  However, the first three resorts are by far the
most convenient because of connections to the monorail lines.
Personally I feel you should rent a car no matter what resort you
are staying at.  The car will come in handy when you want to go to
parks outside Disney property, or go shopping at the Disney
Marketplace, etc.

The Polynesian Village Resort - You are transported to the South
    Seas when you stay here.  Torches illuminate the walkways at
    night, and tropical plants abound.  Traditional Polynesian
    architecture can be found here along with two pools (one with
    a slide built into a "lava mountain" with a waterfall).  This
    resort is a personal favorite of mine.  The white sand beaches
    are an incredible romantic setting.  The restaurants here have
    seafood on the menu with a twist of Polynesian style cooking.
    (GREAT FOOD!!) Not all of the food is Polynesian style, most
    of it is American.  Moderately Priced.  Boat rental.  By far
    one of the most if not "the" most convenient resort in WDW.
    MONORAIL SERVICE

The Grand Floridian Beach Resort - Jump back to the turn of the
    century in this awe inspiring resort.  A Big Band plays music
    every night in the incredible main building.  This resort has
    an 8,000 square foot swimming pool, a health club and more.
    A perfect setting for a honeymoon, very romantic honeymoon
    suites overlooking the lagoon. Very good Italian restaurant,
    also this resort has a VERY posh restaurant and a buffet.
    Moderate to Very High prices.  Boat rental, tennis and more.
    MONORAIL SERVICE

The Contemporary Resort - This A-Frame building has Monorails
    gliding swiftly in and out of it all day.  WDW's largest
    arcade can be found here with the latest in arcade technology.
    Many places to eat and drink are here along with a dinner show
    at the top of the building. If you like tall buildings and
    walking out your hotel room door to a hallway overlooking up
    to 14 stories this is for you! Not a personal favorite, but it
    has great places to eat, shop and excellent recreational
    facilities.  Good all you can eat buffet, a great dinner show
    on the 15th floor, and nice lounges.  Moderately Priced.  Boat
    rental, tennis, and more.  MONORAIL SERVICE

The Caribbean Beach Resort - Very affordable resort with a twist
    of the Caribbean.  Steel drums are heard in Port Royale, the
    main building. An incredible pool is here; part of it shaped
    like a fort with cannons that actually fire little bursts of
    water.  Very Low priced (Highest is approx. $95 per night).
    For this resort I recommend a rental car since it is quite a
    distance from most of the parks.  Unfortunately the only place
    to get food at this resort is at Port Royale; pizza, and food
    court style food.  No "sit down" restaurants. Bike, boat, etc.
    rental. Low Priced: As low as $95 per night.

Dixie-Landings Resort - This resort takes on the theme of the time
    when paddlewheel boats cruised the Mississippi.  Nature
    surrounds the resort, complete with ponds and natural
    shrubbery.  You can stay in two types of buildings: three
    story plantation homes, or two story bayou buildings.  Bayou
    Bill's Cafe serves up the cuisine, and a large food court
    accompanies it.  Moderately Priced.

The Yacht and Beach Club Resorts -Two separate resorts but right
    next to each other and both with the same theme.  These
    resorts look like New England seaside resorts from the late
    1880's.  Features of the resorts include sand bottom pools,
    snorkeling, croquet lawn, and more.  Indoor clambakes, and
    five other restaurants are here.  Boat service to EPCOT Center
    is available.  Moderate to High Priced.

Port Orleans Resort - Just open, this resort looks just like New
    Orleans.  Eat at Cafe Bonfamiles and listen to the jazz, or
    relax in the Mardi-Gras pool where the tongue of a dragon is
    the slide!  Sit down restaurant, and food court style eating.
    Spas, marketplace dining, and cobblestone streets are also
    found here.  Low Priced. (Approximately the same price as the
    Caribbean Beach Resort.)

The Disney Inn - This resort is tucked away in the northwest
    corner of WDW.  It is situated between two PGA tour
    championship golf courses, The Magnolia and the Palm.
    Swimming pools, tennis courts, and heath spas are all here.  A
    nice restaurant that serves a good meal and most people skip
    is here.  This resort has recently been remodeled, and a Snow
    White theme has been added.  Moderately priced.

Disney Village Resort Villas - Many different types of townhouses
    can be yours for the duration of your stay.  The famous
    Treehouse Villas are set in the woods and offer privacy.
    Other villas include One-and-Two Bedroom Villas (formally the
    Vacation Villas), Club suites (formally the Club Lake Villas),
    Two-Bedroom Villas (formally the Fairway Villas), and the
    Grand Vista Suites.  Most villas are set on lakes or in the
    woods, and all of them are near golf courses. I recommend a
    car since most of these villas are quite a distance from the
    theme parks.  Most villas have washing machines and dryers,
    along with full kitchens.  Some sleep up to eight people.
    Great for large families.  A rental car is a must.  Moderately
    Priced.

Fort Wilderness Resort and Campground - Are you driving your RV to
    WDW?  If so you might consider staying here. Hook up your RV
    to full service, or stay in one of the permanent trailers with
    full service also.  Canoeing, campfires, biking, and fishing
    make this resort for those who love the great outdoors.
    Nightly campfires and marshmallow roasts, and daily canoe
    excursions are also here for those who love the outdoors.
    Moderately priced.

The Dolphin and the Swan - Both hotels (Both near the Yacht and
    Beach clubs) were built by Disney but are run by separate
    companies.  The Swan is operated by Westin and The Dolphin is
    operated by Sheraton. These are upscale hotels with conference
    halls for big conventions.  A 6,500 square foot convention
    center is here along with a 505 seat theater.  Boat service to
    EPCOT Center is available. High Priced.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART III
             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
             ³ Contacting WDW & Making Reservations ³
             ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    Contacting WDW is quite easy and they do their best to make
the reservation process as easy as possible.  Call the number:

                  1-407-W-DISNEY   1-407-934-7639

     This number will connect you to central reservation and
information line.  Don't be discouraged if the phone isn't
answered right away.  Disney realizes that it is not a toll-free
number so a computer puts the calls in order and lets the phone
ring instead of picking up and having you pay for the toll call.
Be expected to let it ring 5-10 minutes.

     There are many plans that one can obtain to go to Disney
World.  For first time travelers I recommend that you go through
your local travel agent.  Let them handle the rates, airline
tickets etc, but you should pick out where you want to stay etc.
Disney has so many packages its hard to find one that doesn't fit
your lifestyle.  Most can be customised to fit your needs.  The
most expensive is called the "World Adventure Plan".  With this
plan everything is paid for in advance (I mean everything!!).  In
1989 I went down there on this plan.  There were 8 of us and
without airfare it was $10,000 for 10 days.  It sounds expensive
but here is what is included in that price: All meals, breakfast
lunch & dinner (You can order ANYTHING you want!  (Lobster tails
everynight if you want!)); Admission to all three theme parks for
10 days; Admission to Pleasure Island, Typhoon Lagoon, River
Country, Discovery Island etc. for 10 days; All boat, golf,
fishing, etc. rentals for 10 days; Unlimited transportation; VIP
service (I mean it too!); Gratuity on all meals; and a whole lot
of fun!!  The only items excluded are: souvenirs, snacks purchased
at a stand, alcohol, sundries, etc.  It is worth it if: You are
very active and WILL rent boats, golf equipment etc.; Your party
EATS A LOT!!; and you have the money to burn!


         THIS SECTION WILL BE EXPANDED IN FUTURE RELEASES


ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART IV
                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                        ³ Transportation ³
                        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    Getting to WDW from Orlando International Airport is quite
easy.  However, there is a lot of construction at the airport,
which confuses the heck out of anyone driving a rental car in some
place they are unfamiliar with.  Of course the airport shuttles
zooming by at MACH 2.3 really don't help, but that's another
story.  After you have claimed you luggage, (provided they have
not been shipped off to Antarctica or something like that) grab a
sky-cap (not literally) and go down stairs to the rental car
counters.  After you get your car drive through the parking garage
slowly, stop signs seem to pop out of nowhere.  Be careful merging
into the MACH 2.3 traffic on the road that goes around the
airport.  Follow the signs for Airport Exit, it's not as easy as
it seems, somehow you are in the right lane and the next sign
tells you to go into the left!  After you have exited the airport,
follow the signs for the Bee-Line Expressway WEST (don't go east
like we did!).  The turn off comes very quick after exiting the
airport.  WARNING: The Bee-Line Expressway is a Toll road. Bring
quarters with you!!  The tolls to Disney World amount to approx.
$1.25.  (yes $1.25 to go about 10 miles.)  Look for the signs for
Interstate 4 and exits for Walt Disney World resort.  If you are
going to the following resorts take the EPCOT Center exit:
(Polynesian, Contemporary, Grand Floridian, Disney Inn, or the
Magic Kingdom).  Then follow the signs for The Magic Kingdom exit.
This is faster and shorter than going the "correct" way. Otherwise
follow the other signs.  The signs on Walt Disney World property
are very plentiful, and it is hard to get lost.  Just follow the
signs, It might look like you are out in the middle of nowhere,
but you'll get there.  Keep in mind, Disney property is the size
of Manhattan!

    There are plenty of buses running to every theme park and
resort. The best way to get around WDW has to be the Monorail
system. Here are the stops for each monorail:

    Resort Monorail: TTC, Polynesian Resort, Grand Floridian
                     Resort, The Magic Kingdom, and the
                     Contemporary Resort.

    Magic Kingdom Monorail: TTC, and The Magic Kingdom.

    EPCOT Center Monorail: TTC, and EPCOT Center.

The best way to get from EPCOT to The Magic Kingdom and back is
via Monorail. Get on the monorail at EPCOT center and then get off
at the next stop.  This will be the TTC.  From here you have two
options: you can board the ferry and float across the lake or take
another monorail.  There are two choices for the 2nd monorail:
the Resort monorail or the Magic Kingdom monorail.  The Resort
monorail will have short or no lines.  You can only take this
monorail if you are staying in a Disney owned resort. If you are
staying at a Disney hotel use your Resort ID card to board the
resort monorail.  The cards are printed by computer with your
name, resort, and room number (Sometimes stamped with FOR
TRANSPORTATION ONLY).

   Your best bet to get to MGM Studios from your Disney Resort is
via bus or by driving if you have a rental car. However, you are
now able to take a boat from EPCOT, The Swan, The Dolphin, The
Yacht Club, or The Beach Club to MGM.

    All buses running in WDW are color coded so you can easily
spot which bus you should take.  Here is a list of the colors and
their stops.

     WARNING THIS SECTION ON BUS SCHEDULES IS NOT UP TO DATE!
          FUTURE VERSIONS WILL HAVE UPDATED INFORMATION.

    Green Flag - Disney Inn, Polynesian Village, TTC.
    Red Flag - TTC, EPCOT Center, The Disney Marketplace.
    Blue Flag - Fort Wilderness Resort, TTC.
    Green/Gold "EC V" Flag - All Villas, EPCOT Center, Lake Buena
            Vista Club, Disney Marketplace.
    Green/Gold "MK" Flag - All Villas, TTC.
    Blue/White Flag - Hotel Plaza hotels, Disney Marketplace.
    Gold Flag - TTC, Contemporary Resort.

         THIS SECTION WILL BE EXPANDED IN FUTURE RELEASES

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART V
                       ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                       ³ THE MAGIC KINGDOM ³
                       ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

     The Magic Kingdom is divided into seven major "lands": Main
Street U.S.A., Adventureland, Frontierland, Liberty Square,
Mickey's Starland, Fantasyland, and Tomorrowland.  I'll describe
each one and tell you the attractions that are in that land.

                         -MAIN STREET USA-

     This is where you might do most of your shopping.  The street
is lined with shops and places to eat.  There are a few
attractions here: The Walt Disney World Railroad, which I
recommend  riding when you are tired of walking and need a break;
an arcade with vintage arcade games; and the movie "The Walt
Disney Story," which tells the story of the Man behind the Mouse.
If you do ride the railroad, ride it around the entire park, there
are a lot of sights to see. The ride contains some AA.  Part of
the Railroad might be closed at times due to construction in the
park. The buildings are built with turn of the century
architecture.  Stop and have an ice cream cone and listen to the
piano player play tunes, or cool off on a horse drawn trolley.

                          -TOMORROWLAND-

    This is a 1950's view of tomorrow which contains some popular
attractions.  There are also shops and places to eat here too.

  @ * Space Mountain - A thrilling roller coaster ride in the
                     dark.  This ride is tame, but still not for
                     the weak at heart.  I have ridden it 3-4
                     times and I enjoyed it.  This ride is
                     accompanied by long lines. Ride it just prior
                     to park closing, or right after the park
                     opens. Don't miss it if you like roller
                     coasters!!!  2 minute 38 second ride.
    * Carousel of Progress - A neat entertaining ride with a
                     catchy song (you will be singing it after the
                     ride!).  This ride does not have long lines.
                     It traces one family's progress through two
                     centuries.  Go on this ride if you are tired
                     and hot.  22 minutes long. This ride contains
                     a lot of AA, and a rotating theater!!
    * Dream Flight - A cute ride about the history of flight. Very
                     short, but entertaining, usually accompanied
                     by short lines. 4 1/2 minutes long. Large
                     screens overhead simulate landings, take offs
                     etc.  Some AA, 2-D cut outs and "popup" book
                     scenes.
     Mission to Mars - Outdated "simulator" (if you can call it
                     that) where you "fly" to Mars. The theater
                     has some neat effects (seats moving during
                     launch, etc.) yet it is not very exciting.
                     However, it is a good place to cool off.
                     Small amount of AA.  Take note of how
                     everything is outdated in this attraction.
                     Be sure to give a nod to Mr. Johnson at the
                     "preflight" briefing -- he has an incredible
                     likeness to the father in Carousel of
                     Progress.
    * American Journeys - 360 degree circle vision film (the
                     screen surrounds you!) about America.
                     Enjoyable and good sights of the USA.  21
                     minutes long.
    @ Grand Prix Raceway - A fun ride if you like don't mind long
                     lines.  You drive a miniature gasoline
                     powered car around a 2,260 foot track at a
                     blazing 7mph!!  Small children under a
                     certain height are not allowed to drive.
                     Approximately 4  minutes long.  A great ride
                     for kids to "drive" a car.
    @ Star Jets - A simple rule for this ride is: Skip it! Not
                     very exciting and there is usually a 1/2 hour
                     or more wait. It is no more than those
                     carnival rides with the hydraulic arms that
                     lift the "spaceships" off the ground. Very
                     similar to Dumbo the Flying Elephant in
                     Fantasyland.
    * WEDWAY People Mover -  A fun and relaxing ride on monorail
                     like trains. They ride above Tomorrowland
                     and go into other rides.  If you have any
                     doubts about riding Space Mountain, ride this
                     first as it will take you into Space Mountain
                     and you will be able to see what it is like.
                     The people mover uses electromagnets for
                     pollution free power.

                          -ADVENTURELAND-

        This land has some of the best rides in the Magic Kingdom,
including some shops where you can buy unusual souvenirs (pirate
hats, pirate cap guns, rubber spiders, etc.). The buildings are of
Caribbean and Polynesian style. Here you also can have your
picture taken as a pirate!

      The Enchanted Tiki Birds - An interesting but tame
                     attraction in which AA birds serenade the
                     audience with quite a few songs which will
                     leave you smiling. (Yet don't go in it twice,
                     you will get bored with it (at least I
                     did!)).
    * Pirates of the Caribbean - Probably the best AA attraction
                     in the Magic Kingdom.  This is a boat ride
                     that takes you along on a pirates' raid on a
                     Caribbean island.  A truly amazing ride that
                     will leave you singing the theme song. There
                     is a small log flume drop in the beginning,
                     but nothing to be scared about.  It is a
                     truly a great ride! Don't miss it!  When you
                     are about to go on this ride, go into the
                     LEFT line. It is ALWAYS shorter. (See Basic
                     Tips section)
  @ * Jungle Cruise - This is a good 10 minute boat ride where you
                     ride through the African jungle along with
                     your witty boat captain.  Encountered along
                     the way are an Elephant bathing area, hippos,
                     gorillas, snakes, large waterfalls, and more.
                     An enjoyable and entertaining ride, loaded
                     with AA. Kids love this ride! Beware, the
                     waiting lines are longer than they look. Go
                     just before the park closes, or right after
                     it opens.
      Swiss Family Treehouse - This outdoor attraction is a
                     recreation of the treehouse from the Swiss
                     Family Robinson Disney Movie. Climbing stairs
                     is involved here, so those who hate stairs
                     beware.  Despite the stairs, the tree (which
                     is artificial) has many interesting
                     inventions that the family devised.  This
                     attraction closes at dusk.

                          -FRONTIERLAND-

     This land takes a look at the Old West of the USA. Many of
the attractions are fun and enjoyable. Shops and places to eat can
also be found here.

    * Country Bear Vacation Hoedown - A great show where AA bears
                      sing about their vacation.  The songs have
                      funny lyrics, and the show is altogether
                      fun and entertaining. Don't be discouraged
                      by long lines, they move all at once when
                      the show lets out. Be sure to give a nod to
                      the AA moose, deer and buffalo on your way
                      out.
      Tom Sawyer Island - Here kids can experience a playground
                      with barrel bridges, Ft. Sam Clemens, and
                      more. Food and restrooms are available on
                      the island. Adults, relax and get a bite to
                      eat while the kids play.
    * Splash Mountain - (OPENING FALL 1992)  This is the same ride
                      as the one in Disneyland in CA. It follows
                      the adventures of Brer Rabbit and his
                      friends from the Disney movie Song of the
                      South.  At the end you are treated to the
                      a 45 degree log flume drop down Chickapin
                      Hill!! 9 minutes long.
    * Walt Disney World Railroad - Here is another place where you
                      can get on the railroad.  WARNING: AT THE
                      START OF CONSTRUCTION ON SPLASH MOUNTAIN,
                      THE FRONTIERLAND STATION WAS DEMOLISHED. I
                      HAVE NO INFORMATION IF A NEW STATION WILL BE
                      REBUILT. THERE IS NO RAILROAD SERVICE TO
                      FRONTIERLAND AT THE MOMENT.
  @ * Big Thunder Mountain Railroad - This is another great roller
                      coaster. It's a lot of fun, but again it's
                      not for the weak at heart. If you are unsure
                      walk up to the exit of the ride, where you
                      can see the "runaway" mine trains going
                      around the track.  Go on this ride during
                      the parades, fireworks, or at the end or
                      beginning of the day. It is a very popular
                      ride. There are terrific sights inside the
                      "caves" where the train goes. If you are
                      still shaky about whether or not to go on
                      it, try the ride at night, when it becomes
                      much tamer than it is during the day.  Just
                      a note of warning: The worst drop on the
                      ride is after the 3rd hill (the hill is the
                      thing that brings you to the top (real
                      noisy)), after a sweeping left turn the
                      train will straighten out, and then all of a
                      sudden, down you go!!

                         -LIBERTY SQUARE-

     This land represents colonial USA.  There are some neat shops
here along with a 130 year old oak tree. Shops and places to eat
are also here.

      The Hall of Presidents - Not a thrilling attraction.  The
                      show takes place in a theater and it is
                      quite boring for the most part.  The show
                      starts with a film describing how important
                      the Constitution is to Americans.  The good
                      part of the show is the roll call of all 41
                      presidents of the United States (Including
                      George Bush). The AA figures are incredibly
                      lifelike.  Then Abraham Lincoln stands up
                      and talks.  Not incredibly thrilling, but a
                      good place to cool off. Not for kids under
                      10, as it will bore them to death (unless
                      they really fully understand what the
                      Constitution is and what it means to us as
                      Americans).
      Liberty Square Riverboat - This is a neat ride on a
                      recreated Mississippi Riverboat.  It has
                      some great scenery including "injuns", a
                      cabin fire, and more. It's a nice way to
                      relax for 20 minutes on the rivers of
                      America and see Huck Finn country.
    * Haunted Mansion - This is not as scary as it sounds; in
                      fact, it is actually quite humorous.  During
                      your journey through the house you meet up
                      with 999 happy haunts.  The lines are
                      usually short and it is worthwhile to ride
                      it.  Contains AA.  Lots of fun!  Small
                      children might be scared however.

                       -MICKEY'S PARTYLAND-

     This used to be Mickey's Birthdayland, but it was changed
when Mickey's party was over.  It is now called Mickey's Starland
but overall it is still geared toward very young kids as it was
before.

      Petting Zoo - Pet the farm animals. See Minnie Moo, the cow
                    with the Mickey Mouse ears on its side.
      Mickey's house - Take a look at this (it's pretty cute).
                  + Other Items, such as meet the characters from
                    The Disney afternoon etc. (In the back.)
      Duckburg U.S.A. - A recreation of Uncle Scrooge's town.
    * Walt Disney World Railroad - Yet another place to grab the
                      train.

                           -FANTASYLAND-

     This is where you will find most of the smaller kids and
their parents on the rides.  Most of the rides here are simple and
short, yet interesting and fun.  Shops and places to eat are also
here.


    * Magic Journeys - A 3-D 20 minute film with INCREDIBLE 3-
                      dimensional effects where the objects come
                      right out of the screen and in front of your
                      face!!!  Don't miss it.  It does not have
                      long lines and you get to see a 3-D Donald
                      Duck cartoon before the actual film. The
                      only Disney cartoon ever made in 3-D:
                      Working for Peanuts. And it's Air-
                      Conditioned!!!
      Skyway to Tomorrowland - This is your typical skyway cable
                      ride. If you don't feel like walking to
                      Tomorrowland then take this.  The lines are
                      usually shorter at Tomorrowland.  By taking
                      this ride you get so see some of the not so
                      impressive sights of WDW, such as the
                      rooftops etc.  This attraction closes when
                      the wind starts blowing hard, or a Florida
                      storm is brewing.
    * It's a Small World - Don't miss it!! A very cute and
                      entertaining boat ride where dolls from all
                      over the world sing a song that you will
                      never forget. In fact, you'll probably be
                      singing it for weeks!  Includes AA.  A
                      relaxing and cooling ride. This ride came
                      from the 1964 World's Fair in New York.
      Snow White's Scary Adventures - Don't be misled my the name
                      of the ride.  It's a cute ride, nothing
                      spectacular.  A witch keeps popping out at
                      you and trying to "scare" you.
      Mr. Toad's Wild Ride - Actually it's not that wild but it's
                      geared for kids. It always looks like you
                      are going to crash into something during
                      this ride, but that's part of the fun.
      Peter Pan's Flight - A cute ride about Peter Pan, where you
                      fly around the ride looking down on a city,
                      Captain hook, etc. Includes AA.
  @ * 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea - A submarine ride based on the
                      movie where you will "descend" under the sea
                      and see sharks, the lost city of Atlantis,
                      serpents, and more (all artificial).  The
                      effects on this ride are not that
                      incredible, but it is a neat ride.  WATCH
                      OUT, the lines for this ride are LONG!!
    * Cinderella's Castle - Not really an attraction, but it's a
                      great background for pictures. Inside there
                      is a 6-7 panel mosaic with gold that depicts
                      the story of Cinderella. It also houses the
                      restaurant King Stephens Banquet Hall.
      Mad Tea Party - Spin yourself dizzy in those famous teacups.
                      You don't have to go fast if you don't want
                      to.  This ride is nothing exciting, but if
                      you want to go on it you must fight with
                      crowds. It is surprisingly popular.
      Golden Carousel - Your typical carousel.  Originally from
                      Olympic Park in New Jersey.  Restored to an
                      incredibly dazzling condition.  Take note,
                      everyone gets to ride a white horse on this
                      carousel.
      Dumbo, the Flying Elephant - Just like the StarJets in
                      Tomorowland (including the long lines).
           ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

                 EXTRA SHOWS IN THE MAGIC KINGDOM

    Check the information centers for EXACT times. After you see
the shows once, take advantage of the crowds not trying to get on
the rides.  Most of the waiting times for most rides are cut more
than 80% during parades and fireworks.


Daily Parade - Usually around 3pm. See it once and then take
             advantage of it on your next visit to the park. The
             20th anniversary parade has huge cold air balloons of
             famous Disney characters and more.
SPECTRO-MAGIC - This new show replaces the old Main Street
             Electrical Parade which is being sent to
             Euro-Disneyland. This parade uses fiber-optic,
             prismatic holographic, and electro-luminescent
             technologies. Clouds of underlit liquid nitrogen
             accompany the good old twinkle lights. Truly an
             incredible parade with great music and super effects.
             DON'T MISS IT. (The parade might not be running
             during the 'off' season.  Check information centers
             for info.)
Fireworks - 10pm. Don't worry about this, as you can see it from
            anywhere in the park. The Grand Floridian resort, The
            Polynesian Resort, and the Contemporary Resort are all
            good places to watch the fireworks. Personally I
            enjoy the Polynesian, grab a chair on the beach and
            look straight across the lagoon. There are only
            fireworks when the Magic Kingdom is open after 10pm.
ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART VI
                         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                         ³ EPCOT CENTER ³
                         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    EPCOT (Experimental Prototype Community Of Tomorrow) Center is
divided into two major areas: Future World and World Showcase.  In
each of the two areas are pavilions about certain topics and
countries.  NOTE: Most of the rides in EPCOT Center use a
continuous train, so people are always getting on them and the
lines move quickly.  The majority of the rides in Future World can
be ridden during midday with average waiting times, however if you
don't want to wait, go on the rides during Illuminations (the
Laser Light show), or stay until the park closes; the lines get
shorter about 2 hours before closing.

                          -FUTURE WORLD-

Future world has 8 main pavilions, each with its own theme. Some
pavilions have attractions within them.

     * Spaceship Earth - This ride (which is actually inside the
                      big silver sphere!!) traces the history of
                      communication and is one of the best rides
                      in EPCOT.  DON'T MISS IT!! TONS OF AA!!  See
                      all sorts of sights such as the Sistine
                      ceiling, Rome after it fell, King Tut, the
                      telegraph, television, today's technology
                      and the technology of Tomorrow's Child.  The
                      climax is when you reach the top of the geo-
                      sphere and encounter a breathtaking view of
                      the stars.  This is by far one of the most
                      incredible planetariums I have seen. Then
                      you descend and listen to the song
                      Tomorrow's Child. Narrated by Walter
                      Cronkite. DON'T MISS THIS RIDE!!
     * The Living Seas - This attraction is a walk through as well
                      as a ride.  First there is a brief preview,
                      then you see a very good movie about the
                      oceans. After that you descend in a
                      "Hydrolator" to Sea Base Alpha and ride
                      through part of the coral reef environment.
                      After that you are free to walk around Sea
                      Base Alpha and try on a diving suit, see the
                      manatee, learn about all sorts of marine
                      life, and more.  It's a lot of fun.  Much
                      can be learned here about the undersea
                      world.
     * The Land - This pavilion actually has 3 attractions in it!
                   * Listen to the Land - This is a boat ride
                       through the gardens of EPCOT, ecosystems,
                       and future agriculture. See lettuce growing
                       in styrofoam, plants hanging in midair,
                       bananas growing next to rice right next to
                       cacao.  Most of the food grown here is
                       served in WDW restaurants. Some AA.
                       Excellent
                   * Kitchen Kabaret - This theater show explains
                       the 4 basic food groups in a comical way.
                       Bread, Ham, Eggs, Milk and others sing to
                       you about health with your AA host Bonnie
                       Appetite.  A lot of AA.
                     Symbiosis - A 19 minute film about
                       agriculture and farming.  Not my favorite,
                       yet informative.  Also in this pavilion are
                       two places to eat: a rotating sit-down
                       restaurant and a marketplace type food
                       court.
   * Journey Into Imagination - 3 attractions
                    * Journey Into Imagination Ride - A ride about
                       the imagination, with AA figures. When you
                       see a white light flashing ahead in the
                       ride, smile!! Your picture will be taken
                       and shown at the end of the ride. Ride with
                       Dreamfinder and his helper Figment (a
                       purple childish dragon) through the
                       imagination.
                    * The Image Works - A futuristic playground
                       where you can conduct an orchestra, star in
                       a movie, play with sounds, lasers,
                       pinboards, sound effects, bubbles, a neon
                       tunnel and more.
                  *** Captain EO - Another 3-D movie that is
                       absolutely incredible!!! DON'T MISS IT!!!
                       Lasers shoot throughout the theater along
                       with lights. A INCREDIBLE movie. (18
                       minutes) There is a pre-show about taking
                       pictures, which is good. The movie stars
                       Michael Jackson. And he and his puppet
                       friends must turn an ugly empress into a
                       beautiful princess through music.
     * World of Motion - 2 attractions
                   * World of Motion Ride - This shows man's
                       progress in his quest for transportation.
                       A lot of AA make this ride really good.
                       Don't miss it. It's worth it. A great
                       ride!!! See the wheel being invented, a
                       train being held up, a "small" automobile
                       accident, planes from the Golden Age of
                       aviation, and the future of transportation.
                     Transcenter - Here you can see the cars and
                       transportation of the future. Actual
                       working prototype cars are on display here,
                       along with the Geo Tracker Boom Box Truck.
                       You can also look at and sit in the newest
                       GM models.
      * Horizons - This ride looks at 3 aspects of the future:
                      Desert, Space and Sea.  This ride has lots
                      of AA and is one not to be missed!  At the
                      end of the ride you can choose which way you
                      want it to end.  There are also two three
                      story movie screens which make you feel like
                      you are flying. See the future of desert
                      farming, undersea habitation, and space
                      colonization. Don't miss it!!
     * Wonders of Life - 3 Main Attractions.
                   * Body Wars - A flight simulator ride through
                       the human body. Here you are "shrunk" down
                       really small and you are injected into the
                       human body. When an emergency occurs
                       however, your tour becomes more than just
                       for sightseeing. The entire 40 seat theater
                       bucks and pivots to the movie. Very good
                       but too short.
                   * Cranium Command - You look through the head
                       of a 12 year old boy and see his thought
                       processes. Includes such stars as Bobcat
                       Goldwaith, Hans & Frans from SNL, and a
                       cute story line. Try not to miss it.  It is
                       worth a few laughs.  Includes AA.
                     The Making of Me - Dramatic micro-photogrophy
                       explains the reproduction cycle from
                       fertilization to birth.  This attraction
                       had the longest wait in all of Disney
                       World. Some people may not want their
                       children to see such material.  A sign
                       explains what this attraction is about.  It
                       is up to your discretion to see it or not.
     * Universe of Energy - This ride, which is interesting to
                       those who want to learn, is about energy.
                       It has one great part where you travel back
                       millions of years to the time of the
                       dinosaurs and see them (They are AA). Very
                       informative look at the diminishing supply
                       of energy on the planet earth.  The entire
                       theater in this attraction actually moves!!
                       The solar cells on the roof of the building
                       provide the power.
There are 2 other small pavilions:
       Communicore East and West - These smaller pavilions have
                       computers and other electronic gadgets to
                       play with, as well as places to eat and
                       shop.  Communicore East also hosts
                       Backstage Magic.  This is a look at the
                       computers that run EPCOT Center.
       SPACE PAVILION - ONLY IN PLANNING STAGES, MAY NO BECOME A
                       REALITY

                         -WORLD SHOWCASE-

     World Showcase depicts 11 countries from around the world.
Some of them have attractions; others do not. They all have
restaurants where you can sample authentic food from that country.
The people who work in these pavilions are from the countries that
they represent.  Each pavilion has shops where you can buy
authentic merchandise from that country.  The countries are listed
in a counter clockwise direction around the EPCOT Lagoon (Except
for Russia).

       Canada - This country is depicted by a 360 degree Circle
                Vision film, two shops and a cafeteria style
                restaurant called Le Cellier.  The movie, named
                O' Canada, displays the life of the people in
                Canada.  Some of the most impressive sights are in
                this film; skiing down slopes, the Cathedral of
                Notre Dame, ice hockey, and part of the Canadian
                air force, all in 360 degrees!  The castle like
                building in this pavilion was styled after Chateau
                Laurier in Ottawa. The two shops offer authentic
                French-Canadian gifts and souvenirs.  See ya en
                Canada, eh?
     * United Kingdom - This pavilion recreates an English town;
                complete with a tea shop and a pub.  The Rose and
                Crown Pub offers traditional English cooking, I
                recommend the seafood medley (broiled scallops,
                shrimp and muscles) as an appetizer and the Fish
                N' Chips with malt vinegar for the main course.
                The lamb chops are also very good.  The Pub also
                offers many other dishes, dark beer, and ale. The
                shops include The Toy Soldier (toy shop), tea
                shop, and...   A few times a day the English
                Players present a hilarious street play based in
                Shakespear's time.  This play would not be
                complete with out the help from the audience
                though!  Have a jolly good time old chap!!
       France - A miniature Eiffel Tower sets the mood for France.
                A few restaurants offer up the traditional French
                cuisine complete with escargot and crepes.  To
                cool off go inside and see the movie.  A very
                elegant theatre (complete with a crystal
                chandelier and velvet curtins) depicts France on a
                180 degree screen.  The film is very well done.
                Other shops are here where you can purchase all
                sorts of French merchandise.  Bon Appetite!
       Morocco - Well, you can get all sorts of strange things
                here. I never spent much time here, but you can
                get a fez!
       Japan - Good food, & shops where you can buy fans and
                stuff. If you are in the courtyard area of the
                pavilion, keep your eye out for the man who
                sculpts candy. I am not kidding either, it's
                pretty neat.  Nice Japanese gardens and the
                Emperor's Palace.  Soyonara!
     * U.S.A. - Here you can get the traditional hot dog and soda.
                But you must see the American Adventure.  This 29
                minute presentation shows the most important parts
                of the history of the U.S. in a unique way AND
                remember, none of the people on stage are real!!!
                They are all AA. Don't miss this one. See ya
                later!
       Italy -  Food and shops. No real attractions, Italian
                statues spot the courtyard. Good Italian food.
       Germany - Here you can get German beer, and German Food.
                A cart with German lead crystal has some crystal
                key chains for sale along with other items.
       China - This country has a 360 degree circle vision film
                which is very good.  The fast food area has the
                best egg rolls I have ever had.
   @ * Norway - DON'T MISS the ride Maelstrom at this pavilion!!
                It is a ride in a Viking boat through the
                Norwegian seas.  With a few surprises!! -But very
                short.  The ride does move you backwards for a
                bit, and makes it look as if you are going to go
                over a cliff. Some folks might find this
                unnerving.  Excellent cafeteria style and sit down
                food is available here along with shops selling
                miscellaneous items and a travel center (If you
                plan to visit).  If the line for Maelstrom is
                outside the building you may want to wait.  Disney
                engineers have come up with an incredible way of
                herding people and at times it can be quite
                deceiving!
     * Mexico - Almost the entire pavilion is enclosed in a large
                reproduction of a Mexican pyramid.  This means
                that it is all air-conditioned!!  Inside it is set
                up as a Mexican market at night.  The ride called
                "El Rio del Tiempo" (Translated means: The River
                of Time) is here.  This boat ride takes you
                through Mexico's past and present.  Although
                represented mainly by rear-projection movies, this
                is an enjoyable and pleasant ride.  The end has
                some of the best "imitation" firework effects I
                have here see. Mexican is served on the bank of
                this "river".  Many authentic Mexican gifts can be
                purchased here, ranging from sombreros to those
                rugs that the people wear (If anyone knows the
                name of those things please write to me and tell
                me!!!) In the entrance to the pavilion there is an
                ongoing display of Mexican art depicting the
                history of the country.
       RUSSIA - ON THE DRAWING BOARD. NOT OPEN YET, ONLY IN THE
                PLANNING STAGES.
       SWITZERLAND - ON THE DRAWING BOARD, MAY NOT BECOME REALITY.

     I am putting a catchy phrase from that country at the end of
each description.  I need something for the following countries:
Morocco, Italy, Germany, China, Norway, & Mexico.  Please send me
any suggestions.  Thanks.

Try to see all of the rides marked with an asterisk (*).  Any
rides that you miss during the day, go back and see during
Illuminations.

Extra Shows in EPCOT Center - Check the information centers for
the time that the show starts.  After you see the shows once, take
advantage of the crowds not trying to get on the rides. As in the
Magic Kingdom most of the waiting times for most rides are cut
more than 70% during parades and fireworks.

 Illuminations - An incredible laser & fireworks show over the
  lagoon in EPCOT center. Don't miss it.  But warning, crowds
  start lining up around the lagoon as early as 2 hours before the
  show starts!! The ultimate firework/laser show!!!
 Surprise in the Skies - A special daytime fireworks show along
  with kites, ultralights to celebrate WDW's 20th Anniversary.
  For the show's finale, cold-air balloons of famous Disney
  characters, representing all EPCOT countries, are blown up all
  around the lagoon.

There also may be some other shows on the lagoon in EPCOT center
 during midday, again check with information centers for times.

NOTE: In future versions I will go into more detail about World
      Showcase and Future World. I apologize for such a short
      section on World Showcase.
ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART VII
                 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 ³ DISNEY MGM STUDIOS THEME PARK ³
                 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

  At this park you can see actual films being made.  There are
only a few attractions, but an entire day can be spent here.  This
park is much smaller than the other two, so it doesn't take many
people to make it crowded. (The lines are bearable in the early
morning hours (7am) and after 5pm.

  @ * The Great Movie Ride - This ride contains some of the most
                    sophisticated AA figures ever created.
                    Hollywood's greatest films are feature here.
                    It is a great ride but the lines can get quite
                    long during midday.  Movies featured are
                    Singing in the Rain, Casablanca, Raiders of
                    the Lost Ark, Alien, and The Wizard of Oz,
                    just to name a few.
  @ * Backstage Studio Tour - This is a Tram ride through the
                    back lot of the studio. It features
                    Catastrophe Canyon:  a simulated rainstorm,
                    earthquake, flash flood, and explosions all
                    rolled into one.  Other things include
                    wardrobe, lighting, set design cameras etc.
                    Of course you can walk the New York street
                    back lot set. Also included are the bungalows
                    where the actors stay while on location.  (You
                    can't enter them, but the tram goes by them.
  @ * Special Effects Tour - This tour, which lasts approximately
                    1 hour, shows how miniatures, blue mats, and
                    other special effects are done for the movies.
                    Some other parts of the tour include 3
                    soundstages, video editing, audio recording,
                    and final production.  At the end of the tour
                    a preview of new Disney/Touchstone movies is
                    shown.
  @ * SuperStar Television - This is a great production where the
                    audience actually takes part in a television
                    broadcast. The audience can star on the
                    Tonight Show, David Letterman, Cheers, I Love
                    Lucy, the News, and even hit a home run for
                    the New York Mets.
    * Animation Building - Here you can take a tour and see how
                    cartoons are made by Disney animators.  See
                    cells from Disney classics, or watch Disney
                    artists work on current animation projects.
    * Monster Sound Show - Here you can learn how sound effects
                    are added to a movie. Of course that is done
                    with the help of a few volunteers from the
                    audience. The sound effects are produced on
                    the famous Foley stage, named after its
                    creator. The outcome is quite humorous.
@ *** Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular - All I can say is
                    DON'T Miss it. This shows all kinds of
                    different stunts. There are only a few shows a
                    day, so get the times and decide when to see
                    it. If you see a crowd forming, get in the
                    line -- chances are they know the starting
                    time and they are getting a head start. If you
                    can, sit near the middle top for the best
                    view.  After dusk the show is sometimes
                    shortened.  Go during midday to see the entire
                    show.
 @ ** Star Tours - This is a flight simulator ride through space
                    based on the movie Star Wars. You are supposed
                    to be going to the planet Endor, but your
                    "pilot" (An AA robot) does not really know how
                    to fly this ship. It is his first flight and
                    you are in for a bumpy ride!! The entire 40
                    seat theater bucks and moves in time to the
                    movie, creating a very good effect.
 @ ** Muppets 3-D Movie - Probably the best 3-D movie of all time.
                    incredible 3-D effects follow the humor of the
                    crazy and lovable Muppets. When Fozzy Bear
                    squirts water at the audience you feel it, and
                    bubbles come out of the ceiling when Miss
                    Piggy sings "Dream a Little Dream."
    * The Honey I Shrunk the Kids Move Set Adventure - Here you
                    can experience what it would be like to be
                    shrunk down to a quarter of an inch.  Truly a
                    very imaginative playground. Fun for all ages.
                    Try to see it!!
    * Voyage of The Little Mermaid - This attraction just opened
                    a few months ago.  Although I have never see
                    it, people have told me it is spectacular!
                    The stage show incorporates live action, AA,
                    lasers, holographic imaging and more to
                    present the songs and other items from the
                    animated movie.  If you have small children be
                    sure not to miss this one!!  Even the adults
                    will love it!
      Hollywood Blvd. - (Main street at the entrance to MGM) Here
                    you can star in your own music video, make a
                    movie, have your picture taken on the cover of
                    a magazine, buy actual props from movies and
                    more.
      SUNSET BLVD. - UNDER CONSTRUCTION (For more information,
                    please refer to the "In the Future" section.)
      TWILIGHT ZONE TOWER OF TERROR - UNDER CONSTRUCTION, 13 story
                    free fall drop!! (For more information please
                    refer to the "In the Future" section.
ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART VIII
                          ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                          ³ NIGHT LIFE ³
                          ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    If you are staying in Disney World when the theme parks close
around 8pm-9pm, don't fear!!  The night is young at that time!
Almost every resort offers some type of night activity.
Personally, I enjoy going over to the Grand Floridian, sitting in
the main building and listening to the band play. It plays every
night around the same time.  The Polynesian has a 6pm and 9pm luau
every night.  Reservations are required, but it is a lot of fun.
The Contemporary Resort offers Broadway music with dinner
(Broadway at the Top Dinner Show (Reservations required 30 days in
advance)), The Outer Rim (a lounge, but they serve non-alcoholic
drinks to those under 21, and they show Monday Night football,
baseball etc.) and also WDW's largest arcade with the latest in
arcade technology. Take at least one night go up to the 15th floor
of the Contemporary resort. There is a breathtaking view of the
Vacation Kingdom up there, along with a lounge; a great place to
watch the fireworks.  For the ultimate in night-life, go to
Pleasure Island.  People under 18 must be accompanied by an adult.
There is a 10 theater movie house, The Comedy Warehouse, The Neon
Armadillo (Country music), XZFR Rock & Roll Beach Club, The
Adventurers Club, and much more.  Some are night club and dancing,
others are comedy and music.  Pleasure Island's motto is "New
Year's Eve every night!!".  And they mean it, fireworks and all!!!
(For more information on Pleasure Island please see the section
"Other Attractions".)

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART IX
                            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                            ³ Dining ³
                            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

         Now for a section on places to eat.  Most restaurants in
Disney World can be expensive, depending on what you order.  I'll
tell you about some of the restaurants that I have been to and
enjoyed.  Although, all the food in Disney World is great!
Reservations are required for almost all sit down restaurants.

 The Magic Kingdom does not have many restaurants.  I believe
there are only a few places to sit down and have a dinner.  But
there are plenty of places to snack on hot dogs, hamburgers etc.
In the Magic Kingdom try King Stephen's Banquet Hall located in
Cinderella's Castle.  Also try Tony's Town Square Cafe and the
Plaza Restaurant, both located on Main Street U.S.A.  A full
service dinner/show is available in Frontierland at the Diamond
Horseshoe (reservations required).  The Liberty Square Tavern in
Liberty Square also offers full service.  For cafeteria service
try the Crystal Palace.  There are plenty of places to get a hot
dog.

   EPCOT Center has plenty of restaurants (More than one could ask
for!).  Future World offers the Coral Reef Restaurant in the
Living Seas pavilion.  Here you can eat seafood right next to the
aquarium!  It is really a lot of fun.  In the Land pavilion there
is The Land Grille Room restaurant.  This restaurant actually
rotates and you can see part of the rides in the building.  In
World Showcase, England's Pub has great food.  Like I said before,
the fish n' chips are great!  The Chinese restaurant has great
Chinese food.  Every pavilion in World Showcase has some sort of
restaurant with authentic food from that country.  Dine in France
for a romantic night, or party the Oktoberfest way in Germany.
Then hop over to Japan where your food is cooked on your table in
front of you, or head over to Italy for some pasta.  There are
almost unlimited possibilities for dining in EPCOT Center. If
hamburgers and hot dogs are all you want then head over to the
American pavilion in World Showcase, or visit the Communicore East
and West in Future World.

    In MGM I recommend the Brown Derby for a good meal.  The
prices are a little expensive, but it is worth it.  For something
a little out of the ordinary try The 50's Prime Time Cafe. Here
you sit in a mock "kitchen" with 50's decor while "Mom" serves the
food.  The food offered is Magnificent Meat Loaf, Granny's pot
roast, Aunt Selma's chicken salad, and alphabet soup.  While
eating you get to watch reruns of famous TV shows from the 50's
such as Car 54, Donna Reed, etc. There are also plenty of places
to get a hot dog, such as the Backstage Express, and The
Soundstage Restaurant.

   In the Disney resorts there are restaurants too.  And the food
is just as good as anywhere else.  The Polynesian has seafood at
the Papeete Bay Verandah.  Go to Flagler's in The Grand Floridian
for a great Italian dinner complete with accordion music and of
course the song Amore.  The Dolphin offers 7 restaurants, Port
Orleans has one or two along with a food court.  The Caribbean
Beach also has a food court, and the Contemporary has a $13.95
all-you-can-eat buffet with roast beef, shrimp, pizza, salad,
dessert and more!!

    There is one thing for sure though, you won't go hungry in
WDW.  You will always see some place and say: "Ooo, I think we
should try that sometime."  All around the food is delicious and I
never really had a "bad" experience. Dinner reservations can
usually be made 2-3 days in advance if you want to.  Plan ahead
and decide what park you are going to go to the next day, then
plan which attractions you will try to see.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART X
                           ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                           ³ SHOPPING ³
                           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    Ah, the dreaded part of every vacation...  Trying to figure
out what to buy your friends back at home.  There are shops all
over the place in the theme parks.  In EPCOT Center you can get
authentic gifts from whichever country you choose in World
Showcase.  Future World offers futuristic gifts.  If you really
can't decide what to get, go over to the Disney Marketplace (Lake
Buena Vista). Here are all sorts of gifts from all over the
Vacation Kingdom.  One of the best shops is Mickey's Character
Shop.  Here you can buy stuffed Disney characters, animation
cells, robot airbrushed T-shirts, magnets and more.  There are
also gourmet shops, clothing stores, a nature store, and more.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XI
                          ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                          ³ WATER PARKS ³
                          ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

   There are two main water parks in Walt Disney World. The two
parks were built almost 20 years apart, so obviously there are
some major advantages to the new one.  Here are some features of
each one.

    River Country - This water park has white sandy beaches, rope
                swings, tube water slides, and other water
                attractions. This park was built in  1971 and the
                admission price is nominal. (about $10.75 for an
                adult, $8.25 children 3-9 years old.
    Typhoon Lagoon -The ultimate water park!!!  The world's
                largest wave pool can be found here along with
                Humunga Kowabunga. This is a body slide at an
                incredibly steep angle in which you reach speeds
                of 40mph!!!  Castaway Creek is a relaxing slow
                water raft ride through tropical rain forests,
                water falls and more.  Some of the best water
                slides are here also along with saltwater
                snorkeling with fish!!  The white beaches are also
                a relaxing sight. When you're]there don't forget
                to hit Mayday Falls, Keelhall Falls, and Gangplank
                Falls for some water slide fun.  Get the tubes
                that hold 4 people for Gangplank Falls.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XII
                       ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                       ³ OTHER ATTRACTIONS ³
                       ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    The three theme parks and the two water parks are not the only
things to do in WDW.  During the day take time off to swim in the
pool or rent some boats.  The boats can be rented from most resort
marinas.  The fees are high, however, if you stay in a Disney
resort offering boat rental, you might be able to get a special
deal such as:  $50 will buy 2 hours of boat rental per day per
person in your party for the duration of your stay. That is an
incredible deal, since the regular price is $17.50 to rent a mini-
speed boat for 30 minutes.  Just about every resort in WDW has
some sort of pool.  Recently Disney has been going crazy with its
pool designs.  At the Beach and Yacht Club resorts the pool has a
sand bottom, at Port Orleans there is a dragon for a slide, and at
the Polynesian there is a waterslide through a fake lava mountain.
The best pool for laps is over at the Contemporary resort.

    Pleasure Island is the ultimate in night club entertainment.
Opening at 7pm, guests must be over 18 to enter alone. (U.S.
driver's license or passport must be presented.) Under 18 must be
accompanied by an adult.  Here is a brief description of what you
will find at Pleasure Island: (Age restrictions given where
applicable.)

    Neon Armadillo Music Saloon - The hottest live country music
            on this side of Nashville.
    XZFR Rock & Roll Beach Club - Classic rock from the 50's to
            the 90's played live.  Surf's up!!
    Mannequins Dance Palace - Contemporary music, dancing on a
            rotating dance floor with incredible sets and special
            effects. The spaceship from Close Encounters can be
            quite
            realistically reproduced here. (Ages 21 and older).
    CAGE! - Best in European and American Top 40 video dance
            music. (Ages 21 and older).
    Adventurers Club - Eccentric travelers, talking masks, and
            outrageous stories.  This 1930's explorer's club can
            have anything happen!! Good fun for the entire family.
    The Comedy Warehouse - Live stand-up comedy.  Watch 5
            hilarious comedians make fun of Disney in a way you
            will never forget!
    New Year's Eve Street Party - Live dance, band, nightclub on
            the street.  Every night countdown for a fireworks
            show, and confetti!  New Year's Eve every night!
   Shops - Shops for clothing, gifts, Disney Memorabilia, food,
             posters, and more can be found here.
   Restaurants - American barbecue at The Fireworks Factory,
             Italian food at Portobello Yacht Club and sweets at
             Sweet Surrender.  Counter service available at
             Merriweather's Market.
    AMC Pleasure Island 10 Theaters - 10 movie theaters playing
             the latest films with state-of-the-art projection and
             sound systems.

    Discovery Island is a certified zoological park.  To get over
there you must hop aboard one of the big boats that look like
yachts.  There is a nominal admission fee of about $5.00.  Here
you can explore an "exotic" island with all sorts of wildlife on
it.  See toucans, parrots, flamingos, giant turtles, and more.
There are streams and foot bridges throughout the island.  It is a
nice place to escape from the everyday hustle and bustle of WDW.
Take note: NO drinking straws are allowed on the island.  As the
animals might strangle themselves.

    Fort Wilderness offers, biking, canoeing, campfires, and more.
If you are a golfer then you are in heaven.  Three PGA
championship tour courses are at your disposal (Along with 2 under
construction, The Osprey Ridge and The Eagle Pines courses, to
open on January 1, 1992).  The Oldsmobile Golf Classic is held
annually on the courses.

    If you really become bored (very doubtful) you can leave
Disney property and head over to Universal Studios Florida or Sea
World of Florida.  Both offer an enjoyable day under the Florida
sun.  Farther away (1hr and 30mins) is Kennedy Space Center.  This
is a great place to learn about space.  You can see the space
shuttle here among other NASA things.  You can also see a launch
of the space shuttle if you go at the right time (a once in a
lifetime event!).
ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XIII
                          ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                          ³ BASIC TIPS ³
                          ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

       Here are some basic tips for ANY Disney theme park:

1. Arrive 10-30 minutes before the park opens!!!  Have a light
    breakfast (doughnut and coffee, juice etc.).
2. Quickly go to the most popular attractions first!!  Those are
    the attractions I have marked with a @ sign. Go on as many as
    you can before the lines get too long.  At EPCOT, start
    halfway around Future World, instead of at Spaceship Earth.
3. Make reservations for dinner around 9-10pm.  Your reservations
    should be set for about 4-5pm.
4. Eat lunch before the crowds do.  11am is usually good. (I know
    it probably doesn't sound too good to eat lunch early, but you
    won't have to fight larger lines!)
5. WHEN ENTERING ANY RIDE ALWAYS GO TO INTO THE LEFT LINE!!!!!
    Why? - Most people are right brained and right handed so they
      assume right is better. (I am not making this up.) I found
      this to be true.
6. Parade time!! (3pm) Now, you have eaten lunch, and the rest of
   the crowds are watching the parade, quick you have 1 hour to
   see the popular rides!!
7. Eat dinner around 4:30-5:30pm. After 5pm the lines for the
   rides start to shorten.  Then go on more rides.
8. Fireworks, parades, Illuminations, are now being presented.
   (9pm, 11pm etc.) Quickly go on more rides, putting emphasis on
   the popular ones.
9a. Stay until the park closes (providing your kids aren't asleep
     yet!), going on the more popular rides as it gets later.
9b. Return to your hotel, get washed-up and go to one of the
     resorts and walk around.  For kids goto the Contemporary
     resort, there is a huge arcade there.  For couples I
     recommend a romantic walk on the Polynesian's beach or relax
     to the big band music at the Grand Floridian.
10. Sleep and start over. (Or stay up all night...)

  Change this around anyway you want, but numbers 1, 2, 4, 5, 6,
            8, and 9 are the most important!!

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XIV
                         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                         ³ IN THE FUTURE ³
                         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    This section is reserved for information regarding resorts,
attractions and other items of that nature that have not been
opened yet, are still on the drawing board, have just opened
within the last revision, or are under construction.  There is
also information on new Disney Animated films, and Touchstone
films.  The information in this section comes from Disney News
magazine, other Disney related sources, and newspaper clippings.
Due to the nature of this section, I can not promise that any of
these plans will become a reality.  This section is for the kind
of person that MUST know what Disney is doing at all times.  I
don't know of any other source where this information is all put
together.

    MK=Magic Kingdom   EP=EPCOT Center   MGM=Disney/MGM Studios

 Attraction Name         Where is it??         When does it open?
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ       ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ       ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Splash Mountain          MK (Frontierland)        November 6, 1992

Voyage of the Little    MGM (Backstage near            OPEN
   Mermaid              the animation bldg.)

Twilight Zone Tower     MGM (Next to main              1994
   of Terror                entrance)

Expansion of MGM        All over, making          All throughout
 (Sunset Blvd.)         MGM twice as large           the 1990's

Dixie Landings Resort   Near the Treehouse             OPEN
                             Villas

Bonnet Creek Golf       Near Dixie Landings            OPEN
  Club

Disney's Vacation       East of EPCOT Center           OPEN
 Club Private)*

All Star Villages        NO LOCATION KNOWN             1994
  Resort

Fort Wilderness Lodge    NO LOCATION KNOWN           Mid 1990's

Mediterranean Resort     NO LOCATION KNOWN           Mid 1990's

2 New Golf courses    Near the Disney Villa's          OPEN
  Eagle Pines and
  The Osprey Ridge

Alien Encounter       Most likely, Disneyland      NO TIME KNOWN
                            in CA first

Roger Rabbit's Toon           MGM                  NO TIME KNOWN
  Town Transit

Mt. Fugi Roller         EP, Japan Pavilion -- \
    Coaster                                    \  One or the other
      or                                       /  in the next 5
Matterhorn Mountain     EP, Swiss Pavilion?? -/       years.
  Bobsled Ride

4th Theme Park          South of MK's Main         NO TIME KNOWN
  (Thrill)**                Parking lot

Space Pavilion          EP, Future World           NO TIME KNOWN

Russia Pavilion         EP, World Showcase              199?

Disney Boardwalk        NO LOCATION KNOWN            MID 1990's

Celebration; Disney     Southern edge of WDW      Groundbreaking
  city for residency                            scheduled for 1993

              NON-FLORIDA RELATED DISNEY INFORMATION
       For those of you who must know what Disney is doing.
             ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
EURO-Disneyland           France, (Near Paris)          OPEN

Disney/MGM Studios          EURO-Disneyland             1995
     Tour-Europe

Beauty & the Beast and
 The Little Mermaid         EURO-Disneylnad             199?
 Thrill Rides

Second Theme Park in           PLAN HAS BEEN ABANDONED
 Palm Beach, CA

Mickey's Toontown            Disneyland                 1993

Toontown Trolley             Disneyland                 1993

Adventureland             Tokyo Disneyland              1992
     Marketplace

Swiss Family Treehouse    Tokyo Disneyland            MID-1993

Second Theme Park in      Tokyo Disneyland          NO TIME KNOWN
     Tokyo

WESTCOT (EPCOT out west      Disneyland    ONLY IN PLANNING STAGES
   near Disneyland                         MAY NOT BECOME REALITY

Mini Disneyland near     INFORMATION ON THIS TOPIC HAS NO TRUE
  Philipsburg NJ, or   SOURCE, AND WAS HEARD BY WORD OF MOUTH AND
  Philadelphia PA.                  IS NO GUARANTEE!!
                   ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
      NO LOCATION KNOWN or NO TIME KNOWN means that I have yet to
  find information that suggests the location or approximate
  opening day of the attraction.  No guarantee that all of these
  attractions will become a reality, however those projects listed
  have either been started, made public or are on the drawing
  board.  (With the exception of the mini Disneyland.)

* The Disney Vacation Club is a private Disney residence where you
   actually buy Disney property and can stay free.  However you
   can stay here under the World Adventure Plan.

  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
  ³       ** IMPORTANT 4th THEME PARK INFORMATION **            ³
  ³                                                             ³
  ³   As of late Dec. 1991 the construction of Disney's 4th     ³
  ³theme park was encountering problems.  In the late 60's when ³
  ³Disney purchased the land, they agreed that 30% of the       ³
  ³land would remain as wildlife preserve.  The land that was   ³
  ³cleared in early 1991 for the 4th theme park was under this  ³
  ³"protection".  I don't really have any more information,     ³
  ³however I presume that construction will continue as soon as ³
  ³this matter is cleared.  For those interested the 4th theme  ³
  ³park will be a thrill park. Take a Six-Flags type park and   ³
  ³give it a Disney twist and you get one heck of a thrill      ³
  ³park!!                                                       ³
  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


               ANIMATED FILMS TO BE (RE)RELEASED
               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
           NAME              NEW OR RERELEASE          WHEN?
    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ      ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ       ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    Beauty and the Beast           NEW           November 21, 1991

    The Adventures of the       RERELEASE            Feb. 1992
      Great Mouse Detective

    Pinnochio                   RERELEASE           Summer 1992

    Aladin (one voice              NEW               Fall 1992
     by Robin Williams)

    Completely computer            NEW                 ????
      Animated movie (No
      title known yet)

          NEW TOUCHSTONE OR DISNEY FILMS TO BE RELEASED
          ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
       Honey, I Blew up the Baby           Medicine Man
       Hand that Rocks the Cradle          Noises Off
       Newsies                             Blood on, Blood off



ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XV
                           ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                           ³ MAPS ³
                           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    In this first version there was a map in IFF (ILBM) format.
This format is standard for Amiga computers.  However, I sold my
Amiga and got an IBM so now the file includes a map in the GIF
format.  As of now the map is pretty crude, hopefully I will have
a new updated and color-coded map soon.  I just have to find the
time to edit the map.  Here is the key for the map:


1 - Magic Kingdom                      D - Swan Resort
2 - Grand Floridian Resort             E - Disney/MGM Studios
3 - Polynesian Resort                  F - Discovery Island
4 - Ticket & Transportation Center     G - Fort Wilderness
5 - Contemporary Resort                H - River Country
6 - Magic Kingdom Parking              I - Disney Resort Villas
7 - Car Care Center                    J - Disney's Market Place
8 - Main Toll Plaza                    K - Pleasure Island
9 - EPCOT Center                       L - Hotel Plaza
A - EPCOT Parking                      M - Caribbean Beach Resort
B - Dolphin Resort                     N - Typhoon Lagoon
C - Beach & Yacht Club Resorts         O - Disney Inn

 Solid lines represent roads; dotted lines represent the monorail
lines.  The flag marks golf courses, and blue stands for lakes,
streams etc.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XVI
                     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                     ³ DISNEY FUN FACTS ³
                     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

   Here are some interesting and trivial facts about WDW to test
                  your friend's knowledge with!!

1. Built in 1917 the Golden Carousel in The Magic Kingdom
    originally came from Olympic Park in Maplewood, NJ.  The
    carousel was refurbished, and all horses painted white.
    (My mom rode this when she was little in the 1950's)
2. The Walt Disney Railroad locomotives were originally used in
    Mexico to haul sugar!  They were completely done over and the
    four locomotives were give the names:  Lilly Belle, Roy O.
    Disney, Walter E. Disney, and the Roger Broggie.
3. Cinderellas Castle is 180 feet high, and has a private
    apartment in the castle that Walt designed so he could stay
    over night in the park.  Unfortunately he never got to use it.
4. The Jungle Cruise attraction uses 100 gas-fired heaters to heat
    up the air to keep the tropical plants growing. 25 million
    BTU's kick in when the temperature drops below 36 degrees
    Fahrenheit.
5. The Swiss Family Treehouse is artificial, with 42 foot roots,
    800,000 vinyl leaves, and 600+ branches.
6. The Big Thunder Mountain Railroad track is 2,780 feet long, is
    on 2.5 acres of land, took 15 years of planing, 2 years of
    construction, 650 tons of steel, and 16,000 gallons of paint.
    When finished in 1981 it cost $17 million, or the entire cost
    of Disneyland in 1955!! The fastest speed on the ride is 30
    some mph.
7. The nautical flags that fly at 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
    attraction were once hung wrong!  A navy officer pointed it
    out when the park first opened, instead of reading "Leagues"
    it read "seugael".  The attraction's lagoon contains 11.5
    million gallons of water!!
8. Space Mountain is 180+ feet tall, 300+ feet in diameter, has
    4,508,500 cubic feet of space, occupies a 10 acre site, and is
    composed of 72 pre-stressed concrete beams weighing 74 tons
    each! The ride never exceeds 28mph, slower than Big Thunder
    Mountain!
9. Mission to Mars was originally named Flight to the Moon.  It
    was changed in 1969 when Apollo 11 landed on the moon.
10. The mini-race cars on the Grand Prix Raceway cost over $6,000
     each. The track is 2,260 feet long and the cars go 7mph max.
11. Spaceship Earth is 164 feet in diameter, 180 feet high, and
     contains 2,200,000 cubic feet of space.  The outside "skin"
     of the geosphere is made up of 954 triangular panels, none of
     equal size or shape.  Spaceship Earth is NOT perfectly round,
     so it is not a geodesic dome, the word geosphere was born.
12. The Living Seas tank is 27 feet deep, 200 feet in diameter,
     and contains 5.7 million gallons of seawater.  The acrylic
     windows are 18 feet high, and 8 inches thick!
13. The Wonders of Life is enclosed in a 100,000 square foot
     geodesic dome.  The attraction cost $100 million!
14. In The Universe of Energy, the moving theater cars weigh
     30,000 lbs when fully loaded with 96 passengers.  However
     they are guided by a wire on the floor that is only 1/8 inch
     thick!!
15. There are more than 6,000 different food items available at
     Walt Disney World!
16. Disney World uses 5.5 million pounds of potatoes each year
     just to make french fries!  That's enough julienned potatoes
     to circle the world 2.5 times.
17. In 1990 22 tons of vegetables were grown in the Land
     Pavillion's greenhouse.
18. There are 166 restaurants and snack spots from which to
     choose from, and 35 varieties of cheese are served.
19. The chefs offer up 400 cases of fresh fruit daily.
20. Visitors order 2.1 million pounds of seafood each year and
     over twice that in poultry.
21. Each year WDW serves enough hamburgers to cover every inch of
     a four-hundred mile line.
22. The Caribbean Beach resort contains 2,112 rooms, making it the
     sixth largest hotel complex in the United States!!
23. The creation of Walt Disney World became the largest private
     construction project in the United States ever.
24. The Vacation Kingdom of the World was going to be called
     Disney World, but it was Walt's brother Roy who insisted that
     it be called WALT Disney World.
25. "By early 1992 hotels on Walt Disney World property will
     provide more than 17,000 guest rooms and 580,000 square feet
     of meeting space."
26. By opening day on October 1, 1971 there were 60,000 trees and
    shrubs planted.  Enough sod was used to cover 500 football
    fields.
27. Walt Disney World has recently aquired new monorails.  Talking
    to the driver I found out that:  The new monorails began their
    daily runs in August of '91; and the monorails are now all
    computerized with a speed restriction: 40mph.  Although, the
    driver of the monorail stated that on test runs they have gone
    90mph and could go faster!!
28. The lost and found department of WDW holds more than a
    thousand hand tagged items lost by visitors.  Some items that
    were lost include: a wheelchair, a lamp, a Casio portable
    organ, and fake ID's.  A pair of false teeth and a glass eye
    were never claimed!!

                     More to come next time!!

     If you know of some interesting information about Disney
                      World send it to me!!!
ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XVII
            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
            ³Famous Quotations from Walt Disney World³
            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                         WALT DISNEY WORLD
            is a tribute to the philosophy and life of
                        Walter Elias Disney
      ...and to the talents, the dedication, and the loyalty
         of the entire Disney organization that made Walt
      Disney's dream come true.  May Walt Disney World bring
      Joy and Inspiration and New Knowledge to all that come
      to this happy place... a Magic Kingdom where the young
                at heart of all ages can laugh and
                     play and learn -together.

             Dedicated this 25th day of October, 1971

                               -Roy O.  Disney
ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ The above is what Roy O. Disney stated when he dedicated Walt  ³
³Disney World.  The bronze plaque on which this is inscribed can ³
³be found in Town Square on Main Street in the Magic Kingdom.    ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


"Part of the Disney success is our ability to create a believable
    world of dreams that appeals to all age groups."
                                              -Walt E.  Disney

"Here in Florida, we have something special.  There's enough land
    to hold all the ideas and plans we can possibly imagine."
                                              -Walt E.  Disney

"You can dream, create and build the most wonderful place in the
    world, but it takes people to make the dream a reality."
                                              -Walt E.  Disney


ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XVIII
                      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                      ³ Special Thanks To: ³
                      ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    This section is where I can express my gratitude towards those
that have helped make this travel guide possible.

Walter Elias Disney - Walt demonstrated to the world that if you
    put your mind to it you can create your dreams.  He is a
    direct inspiration to me.

My Parents and Grandparents - for taking me to Disney World five
    times, without that I wouldn't have been able to write this
    book.
Adam Liss - My editor.  He did a great job in finding all those
    errors I made while typing for a zillion hours.  Thank you for
    changing the ILBM file to GIF.
January Adams - Co-worker at my place of employment.  She helped
    me proofread the entire document for grammatical and other
    types of errors.
James Kelly - My incredible Physics teacher who also enjoys Disney
    World.  I'd like to thank him for getting me information on
    the new Little Mermaid Attraction, and for giving me some
    suggestions.
Uncle Hank - (Not my uncle) He publishes a Shareware Review
    newsletter, and in his latest issue he summarized my work.
    Thank You for the first publicity of this book!!

                       THE LIST IS GROWING!!
 All you have to do to get your name in here is to write a letter
 to me with some sort of new, trivial, or interesting information
                       about Disney World!!

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
PART XIX
                     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                     ³ REVISION INFORMATION ³
                     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    Here is a brief explanation of what has changed in each
revision, and how to read the revision code.
                 91.12.2     91 is the year, 12 is the month and 2
                             is the number of revisions for that
                             year.
       So 91.12.2 would read: December 1991, 2nd revision.

   The size is the Un-zipped professional write file, not ASCII.

91.10.1 - Original document.  Tons of problems: spelling, LF and
           CR, mistyped data, absence of some data.  IFF form Map
           released with this version. WHAT A MESS!! Size: 65k

91.12.2 - The entire document was checked for spelling by the
           computer so if you find errors, don't blame me. The `In
           the Future' section was extended to include new
           information and Disney cartoon movies (Touchstone films
           to follow).  The entire document was fixed for CR and
           LF problems.  'Special Thanks To' section added, along
           with 'Revision Information', 'Contacting and Making
           Reservations', 'Fun Facts', and 'Famous Quotations'.
           General Cleanup.  GIF form map released with this
           version.  Expansion of Pleasure Island information,
           some bus info added.  Full Bibliography added.
           Boxes around sections added, along with solid lines.
           Size: 88k

92.2.1 - New data on future items, 4th theme park information
           added.  New margins, more fun facts. Some Touchstone
           movie information added.  EPCOT Center World Showcase
           Information expanded (well, not much).  Grammatical
           clean up.  Released 6 days late.  PC-Exec BBS number
           added. Size: 93k

92.3.2 - Expanded the EPCOT Center World Showcase Information.
           More people added to the Special Thanks to Section.
           Little Mermaid attraction info added. EPCOT quote in
           the introductions expanded. Some handicapped
           information was added.  General clean up and rewording.
           Non-Florida Disney related info added. Part of the "To
           the Reader" section reworded. Size: 102k

92.4.3 - Reservation info added. EPCOT Center World Showcase
           information expanded.  Two new fun facts added. General
           clean up and rewording.  "ORDER.TXT" file added to
           zipped archive. Program file now available. Dixie
           Landings Resort added to the resort section.  Some
           minor changes the the esort section.  Section titles
           and other lines centered. Size: 104k2

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

    I hope you found this information valuable in planning your
Walt Disney World vacation.  I am not affiliated with WDW in any
way so I am not being paid to promote WDW here, but it truly is a
great place to be. Again any suggestions should be sent to:

            Todd D. McCartney
            21 South Auten Ave.
            Somerville, NJ   USA
            08876-3142

  If you would like the latest version of this "book" and it is
not on your local BBS please print out the form included in the
zipped file called "order.txt".  Instructions on how to order are
in this file.  Remember I will be updating this every month
(hopefully), so there is always something new!!  Also if you have
any magazine or newspaper clippings or any other information about
Walt Disney World please send it to me and it will be added to the
guide.  I will also put your name in the file in a section called
'Special Thanks To:' which has now been formed.  Thank you very
much and have a great vacation at Walt Disney World.

 M - I - C, See ya real soon!! K - E - Y, Why? Because we like
                   you!
                   M - O - U - S - E

                        Todd D. McCartney

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
                         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                         ³ BIBLIOGRAPHY ³
                         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              "Give credit where credit is due."

    Birnbaum, Steve;  Steve Birnbaum Brings You the Best of WDW.
            1990 Edition, Hearst Professional Magazines, Inc.

    Newsweek, Inc.;  Disney World, 20 Years of Magic, a Yearlong
            Birthday Party.  Fall/Winter 1991,  Newsweek, Inc.

    Walt Disney Company;  Walt Disney World.  1985, The Walt
            Disney Company.

    Walt Disney Company;  Disney Vacation Club Guide.  1991 The
            Walt Disney Company.

    Walt Disney Company;  Disney Village Marketplace and Pleasure
            Island Directory.  1991 The Walt Disney Company.

    Walt Disney Company;  Disney News.  Fall 1991,  The Walt
            Disney Company.

    Walt Disney Company;  1991 Annual Report. 1991 The Walt
            Disney Company.
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
 ºWalt Disney World, Mickey Mouse, Audio Animatronics, and Circleº
 ºVision are registered trademarks of the Walt Disney Company.   º
 ºAll resort names, ride names and other items in the theme parksº
 ºare also The Walt Disney Company's property.  Some information º
 ºsuch as ride length, and other statistical data was taken from:º
 ºSteve Birnbaum Brings You The Best of Walt Disney World, 1990  º
 ºEdition;  1991 Magic Kingdom Club and Membership Guide; the    º
 ºbook Walt Disney World, Disney News (various issues), and 20   º
 ºYears of Magic published by the publisher of Newsweek magazine.º
 ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
 
