ATHEROSCLEROSISRONAARTERIESBLOODEARSMOKINGDIETHEARTDISEASE 
PREVENTING AND TREATING ATHEROSCLEROSIS - Zoltan P. Rona


PREVENTING AND TREATING ATHEROSCLEROSIS    by Zoltan P. Rona, M.D., M.Sc. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

DEFINITION : Atherosclerosis is a degenerative condition in which arteries 
build up deposits called plaques (atheromas) which consist of lipids (mainly 
cholesterol), connective tissue and smooth muscle cells originating from the 
arterial wall.  Another term used to describe atherosclerosis is "hardening 
of the arteries".  Plaques develop quietly over a period of years and are 
unnoticeable until there is an interruption in the normal flow of blood.  
Progressively limited blood flow leads to lowered nourishment of the tissues 
involved (heart, brain, etc.), oxygen deprivation or thrombosis (complete 
blockage followed by clotting). The most frequently affected arteries include
the aorta, the coronary and cerebral arteries.  The areas serviced by the 
diseased arteries become deprived of oxygen and other vital nutrients.  If 
this occurs in one of the arteries that supplies the heart (coronary arteries)
the result may be a heart attack.  If it occurs in an artery that supplies
brain tissue then the result may be a stroke.
 
THE EAR LOBE CREASE 
Significant symptoms of atherosclerosis only appear at the end stage of the
disease process when blood flow to a particular body part has been greatly 
reduced.  An early warning sign of atherosclerosis is a crease in the ear 
lobe.  This is because a decrease in blood flow over a period of time results 
in a collapse of the vascular bed of the ear lobe.  This leads to a diagonal 
ear lobe crease  which has been recognized as a sign of atherosclerosis since 
1973.  Studies show that the ear lobe crease is a better predictor of heart 
disease than any of the other known risk factors including high blood 
cholesterol, smoking history, sedentary lifestyle and others.  Its presence 
does not prove that the person having it has coronary artery disease but it 
strongly suggests it.  This correlation, unfortunately, does not work with 
Orientals and American Indians, but  seems to hold true for all other races. 

A review of the scientific literature reveals that the best treatment of 
atherosclerosis is a comprehensive prevention program involving diet, exercise 
and lifestyle modification.  The major risk factors induced by the typical 
North American diet and lifestyle are hyperlipidemia (high blood fats), high 
blood pressure, obesity, stress, personality type, physical inactivity, 
cigarette smoking and diabetes mellitus (sugar diabetes). Even hereditary 
factors such as heart attacks or strokes in family members can be offset to a 
large degree by diet and lifestyle changes. 

There are many different theories about the biochemical mechanisms that bring
about atherosclerosis involving the different types of cholesterol proteins 
(lipoproteins), platelets and other blood clotting factors but there is
considerable disagreement amongst so-called experts as to the relevance of any 
of these in the actual disease process.  In almost any book store one can find
respected authors claiming that cholesterol is the most important factor in 
predicting the appearance of atherosclerosis.  Equally respected scientific 
authors claim the reverse to be true.  The truth is that no one knows for sure
about the specific role of cholesterol or whether or not we should really be 
so concerned about it. 

DIET  
Population studies have shown that death due to atherosclerosis is positively 
correlated with red meat consumption and inversely correlated with fish 
consumption. One study showed that mortality due to coronary heart disease was 
50% lower among those who consumed an average of 30 grams of fish per day 
compared with those who ate meat daily.  Meat eaters in this study had a 300% 
increase in their risk of coronary heart disease.  This is thought to be
due to the beneficial effect of the types of fat found in seafoods 
(omega-3-EPA, linoleic, linolenic) on blood levels of cholesterol [and  
triglycerides as well as their role in preventing platelets from sticking or 
clumping together.  

Common sugar promotes higher blood levels of cholesterol, triglycerides and 
uric acid.  It also increases platelet stickiness and should be limited in any
preventive diet  for atherosclerosis as much as possible.  An increase in 
dietary fiber (especially psyllium seed husks, legumes and oat bran)  lowers 
cholesterol as well as improves bowel elimination.  

In the past decade it became fashionable to use the Pritikin diet as not only 
a treatment for atherosclerosis and obesity but as a preventive as well.  The 
Pritikin diet recommends that total fat intake comprise no more than 10% of 
the daily caloric intake with 10% protein and 80% carbohydrate.  Although this 
approach yields excellent results in the short term, it lead to signs and 
symptoms of essential fatty acid deficiency if adhered to for extended periods 
of time.  Side effects include eczema, dry skin, premenstrual tension and 
depression. A modified Pritikin approach includes the essential fatty acids 
found in seafoods and vegetables. It can be followed indefinitely without side
effects yielding the same or better results as the Pritikin approach.  

A sample menu follows: 

Breakfast 

1/2  grapefruit 
1/2 cup oatmeal 
3 ounces salmon steak 
1 cup skim milk 

Lunch 

1 sardine sandwich (using whole grain bread) 
1 cup fat-free soup 
1 apple 
1/3 cup cooked lentil beans 

