================================ Peter's authentic Louisisana Gumbo
================================

Roux:

1 cup all purpose flour 1 cup crisco or lard or bacon drippings

DO NOT USE VEGETABLE, OLIVE, CORN OR PEANUT OILS.  IF YOU DO YOUR ROUX WILL BE
INFERIOR, OR DOWN-RIGHT NASTY.

Put the crisco or lard into a 10-12" cast iron skillet and put it into an oven
heated to 375° F.  When it's melted, stir in the flour with a whisk.  The
consistentncy of the mixture should be thick but smooth, like _runny_ peanut
butter, so feel free to use your own judgement and add oil or flour until it has
the right consistency.

Bake in the oven at about 375-425°, stirring well with the whisk every 20-30
minutes until it begins to turn brown and then every 10-20 minutes until it turns
a deep mahogany color.

Be patient; don't rush the process, but at the same time WATCH THE ROUX!!  DON'T
BURN IT!!  If you have to check and stir it fifty times, so be it.  In a previous
life I worked on offshore oil rigs and once I worked met a wonderful cajun named
Breaux Bernice who told me "son, if you burn you roux, all the five-dollar
shrimps in de worl' ain' gonna fix that gombo!

Afterwards it's simply a matter of what type of Gumbo you want.  Popular types
include shrimp/seafood/crab/ and chcken and/or sausage.  Breaux cooked a squirrel
gumbo that was one of the best things I ever ate in my entire time on this
planet.

It's simply a matter of boiling up what ever you want in your gumbo into about
5-6 quarts stock with about one cup of diced onion, one cup of diced bell pepper
and maybe a diced celery stalk or two (reduce or omit the celery with seafood
gumbos), one big can of whole tomatoes (optional-squish 'em up of course, or use
fresh ) and salt, black pepper,white pepper and cayenne pepper to taste.  When it
is about halfway cooked (or all the way cooked for tough meats like squirrel) add
the roux, less for a thinner gumbo and more for a thicker gumbo.  Me, I use all
of it!

A word about okra-- "gombo" is actually a Choctaw indian word for okra; they
would use it as a thickener for soups.  Some Louisiana cooks use it in their
Gumbos and some don't.  Me, I like it but whether it's fresh or frozen you have
to boil it for about 30-45 minutes separately to avoid it making your gumbo
stringy and gooey.  When you boil it you'll see what I mean.  After 30-45 minutes
drain it and add it to your stock and voilá!  Just like my 'tite Grande-mere used
to make, cher!

Use these guidelines to experiment and make your gumbo your own.  Myself, I'm a
vegetarian; my gumbo is made with vegetable stock, okra, mesquite smoked pablano
peppers, carrots, tomatoes and corn!!  There is no right or wrong way. Serve with
rice and if you really want to be authentic, get some Gumbo Filé from Fiesta and
stir in a half-teaspoon of it into your bowl of gumbo right before you eat it.
Laissez les bon temps rouller!!
