AUTHOR(S)

The sections on History, Characteristics, Description, Breed
Associations, and the first paragraph of References is courtesy of the
Maine Coon Breeders and Fanciers Association from their flyer "The
Maine Coon - America's Native Longhair".

Other Authors and editors: Laura Cunningham, Jean Marie Diaz,
JoAnne Genovese, Valerie Johnston, Dave Libershal, Orca Starbuck,
Betsy Tinney, and Eric Williams.

Originally written: May 1994
Last modified:

HISTORY

One of the oldest natural breeds in North American, the Maine Coon is
generally regarded as a native of the state of Maine (in fact, the
Maine Coon is the official Maine State Cat).  A number of attractive
legends surround its origin. A wide-spread (though biologically
impossible) belief is that it originated from matings between
semi-wild, domestic cats and raccoons.  This myth, bolstered by the
bushy tail and the most common coloring (a raccoon-like brown tabby)
led to the adoption of the name 'Maine Coon.' (Originally, only brown
tabbies were called 'Maine Coon Cats;' cats of other colors were
referred to as 'Maine Shags.') Another popular theory is that the
Maine sprang from the six pet cats which Marie Antoinette sent to
Wiscasset, Maine when she was planning to escape from France during
the French Revolution.  Most breeders today believe that the breed
originated in matings between preexisting shorthaired domestic cats
and overseas longhairs (perhaps Angora types introduced by New England
seaman, or longhairs brought to America by the Vikings).

First recorded in cat literature in 1861 with a mention of a black and
white cat named 'Captain Jenks of the Horse Marines,' Maine Coons were
popular competitors at early cat shows in Boston and New York.  A
brown tabby female named 'Cosie' won Best Cat at the 1895 Madison
Square Garden Show.

Unfortunately, their popularity as show cats declined with the arrival
in 1900 of the more flamboyant Persians.  Although the Maine Coon
remained a favorite cat in New England, the breed did not begin to
regain its former widespread popularity until the 1950's when more and
more cat fanciers began to take notice of them, show them, and record
their pedigrees.  In 1968, six breeders formed the Maine Coon Breeders
and Fanciers Association (MCBFA) to preserve and protect the breed.
Today, MCBFA membership numbers over 1000 fanciers and 200 breeders.
By 1980, all registries had recognized the Maine Coon, and it was well
on its way to regaining its former glory.

Maine Coons were well established more than a century ago as a hardy,
handsome breed of domestic cat, well equipped to survive the hostile
New England winters.  Nature is not soft-hearted.  It selects the
biggest, the brightest, the best fighters, and the best hunters to
breed successive generations. Since planned breedings of Maine Coons
are relatively recent, these cats still have their strong, natural
qualities.  Maine Coons are basically healthy, disease-resistant,
rugged cats.  Interestingly, the breed closest to the Maine Coon is
the Norwegian Forest Cat which, although geographically distant,
evolved in much the same climate, and lends credence to the theory
that some of the cats responsible for developing the Maine Coon were
brought over by the Vikings.

CHARACTERISTICS

Everything about the Maine Coon points to its adaptation to a harsh
climate.  Its glossy coat, heavy and water-resistant, is like that of
no other breed, and must be felt to be appreciated.  It is longer on
the ruff, stomach and britches to protect against wet and snow, and
shorter on the back and neck to guard against tangling in the
underbrush.  The coat falls smoothly, and is almost maintenance-free
-- a weekly combing is all that is usually required to keep it in top
condition.  The long, bushy tail which the cat wraps around himself
when he curls up to sleep can protect him from cold winters.  His ears
are more heavily furred (both inside and on the tips) than many breeds
for protection from the cold, and have a large range of movement.
Big, round, tufted feet serve as 'snow shoes.' Their large eyes and
ears are also survival traits, serving as they do increase sight and
hearing.  The relatively long, square muzzle facilitates grasping prey
and lapping water from streams and puddles.

Although the Yankee myth of 30-pound cats is just that, a myth (unless
the cat is grossly overweight!), these are indeed tall, muscular,
big-boned cats; males commonly reach 13 to 18 pounds, with females
normally weighing about 9 to 12 pounds. Add to that two or dthree
inches of winter coat, and people will swear that they're looking at
one big cat.

Maine Coons develop slowly, and don't achieve their full size until
they are three to five years old.  Their dispositions remain kittenish
throughout their lives; they are big, gentle, good-natured goofs.
Even their voices set them apart from other cats; they have a
distinctive, chirping trill which they use for everything from
courting to cajoling their people into playing with them. (Maine Coons
love to play, and most will joyfully retrieve small items.) They
rarely meow, and when they do, that soft, tiny voice doesn't fit their
size!

TEMPERAMENT

While Maine Coons are highly people-oriented cats, they are not
overly-dependent.  They do not constantly pester you for attention,
but prefer to "hang out" with their owners, investigating whatever
activity you're involved in and "helping" when they can.  They are
not, as a general rule, known as "lap cats" but as with any
personality trait there are a few Maine Coons that prefer laps. Most
Maine Coons will stay close by, probably occupying the chair next to
yours instead. Maines will follow you from room to room and wait
outside a closed door for you to emerge. A Maine Coon will be your
companion, your buddy, your pal, but hardly ever your baby.

Maine Coons are relaxed and easy-going in just about everything they
do.  The males tend to be the clowns while the females retain more
dignity, but both remain playful throughout their lives.  They
generally get along well with kids and dogs, as well as other cats.
They are not as vertically-oriented as some other breeds, prefering to
chase objects on the ground and grasping them in their large paws --
no doubt instincts developed as professional mousers.  Many Maine
Coons will play "fetch" with their owners.

DESCRIPTION

The important features of the Maine Coon are the head and body shape,
and the texture and 'shag' of the coat.  The head is slightly longer
than it is wide, presenting a gently concave profile with high
cheekbones and ears that are large, wide at the base, moderately
pointed, and well tufted inside.  They are set well up on the head,
approximately an ear's width apart.  Lynx-like tufting on the top of
the ears is desirable. The neck should be medium-long, the torso long,
and the chest broad. The tail should be at least as long as the torso.
One of their most distinctive features is their eyes, which are large,
round, expressive, and set a a slightly oblique angle.  Overall, the
Maine Coon should present the appearance of a well-balanced,
rectangular cat.

Throughout their history there has been no restriction on the patterns
and colors acceptable, with the exception of the pointed Siamese
pattern.  As a result, a wide range of colors and patterns are bred.
Eye colors for all coat colors range through green, gold, and
green-gold. Blue eyes and odd eyes, (one blue and one gold eye) are
permissible in white cats.  There is no requirement in the Maine Coon
Standard of Perfection for particular combinations of coat color and
eye color.

Many people consider Maine Coons the perfect domestic pets, with their
clown-like personalities, affectionate natures, amusing habits and
tricks, willingness to 'help' with any activity, and easily groomed
coats.  They make excellent companions for large, active families that
also enjoy having dogs and other animals around.  Their hardiness and
ease of kittening make them a satisfying first breed for the novice
breeder. For owners wishing to show, the Maine Coon has reclaimed its
original glory in the show ring. Welcome a Maine Coon into your home,
and you will join the thousands who sing the praises of this handsome
and lovable cat!

BREED ASSOCIATION

If you would like to join the Maine Coon Breeders and Fanciers
Association and receive the quarterly magazine, The Scratch Sheet,
please send dues of $10.00 to the MCBFA Treasurer, Sue Servies, P.O.
Box 791, Pacific Grove, CA 93950.

If you are actively breeding Maine Coons, you may join the Breeder
Division for $25.00 (includes subscription to The Scratch Sheet and a
copy of MCBFA's book on caring for and breeding your Maine Coon cats).
For information, please contact the Provisional Breeder Member
Secretary, Darlene Ruhle, at 2721 Aspen Circle, Norman, OK 73072;
405-447-8907.

REFERENCES

MCBFA also publishes two excellent books relating to the Maine Coon:
Caring For, Breeding, and Showing Your Maine Coon Cat and Genetics For
The Maine Coon Cat Breeder. These books are available for $7.00 each
(includes shipping and handling) from the editor, Trish Simpson, 13283
Deron Avenue, San Diego, CA 92129. (Please make check or money order
in U.S. funds payable to MCBFA.)

The best book about Maine Coons is probably THAT YANKEE CAT, THE MAINE
COON by Marilis Hornidge. It is available from The Harpswell Press,
132 Water Street, Gardiner, Maine 04345. The cost is about $12.95 plus
shipping if ordered from the publisher.   ISBN: 0-88448-088-7. Lots of
breed stories and history, good sections on genetics and home medical
care. The pictures are plentiful.

The other Maine Coon book is THIS IS THE MAINE COON CAT by Sharyn P.
Bass. Contact T.F.H. Publications, Inc., 211 West Sylvania Ave.,
Neptune City, NJ 07753. ISBN 0-87666-867-8. It has a 1983 copyright.
This book is more oriented to showing and breeding Maine Coons. Less
history than in the other book but some color pictures. Show
information is geared towards CFA and generally useful but some stuff
is out of date. Good sections on pet care and medical advice. A good
chapter on birthing but no genetics.

CARE AND TRAINING

Most breeders recommend a high-quality dry food.  Most cats can free
feed without becoming overweight.  Middle-aged cats (5-10) are most
likely to have weight problems which can usually be controlled by
switching to a low-calorie food.  Many Maine Coons love water.  Keep a
good supply of clean, fresh water available at all times.

Most Maine Coons can be trained to accept a leash.  Maine Coons are
creatures of habit and they train easily if they associate the
activity with something they want (they train humans easily too!).

SPECIAL MEDICAL PROBLEMS

Individuals within any breed are fairly closely related, and have
many characteristics in common.  This includes genetic strengths
and weaknesses.  Certain genetic health disorders may be more or
less of a problem in a particular breed than in other breeds.  For
example, a breed may have a slightly higher incidence of gum disease
than the cat population as a whole, but have a lower incidence of
heart disease or liver disease.

Genetic problems generally only affect a tiny minority of the breed
as a whole, but since they can be eradicated by careful screening,
most reputable breeders try to track such problems, both in their
breeding stock and the kittens they produce.  By working with a
responsible breeder who will speak openly about health issues, you
are encouraging sound breeding practices.

In the Maine Coon, the most common inherited health problems are hip
dysplasia, which can produce lameness in a severely affected cat, and
cardiomyopathy, which can produce anything from a minor heart murmur to
severe heart trouble. Any breeder you talk to should be willing to
discuss whether they've had any problems with these diseases in their
breeding stock, or in kittens they've produced; how much screening
they're doing, and why.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

"How big do they get?"

A full-grown female typically weighs between 9-12 pounds and males
tend to be in the 13 to 18 pound range.

"Do they need much grooming?"

Maine Coons do not need much grooming and a weekly combing is all
that is usually required to keep the coat in top condition.

"But I thought Maine Coons had extra toes...?"

Some "original" Maine Coons may have been polydactls (had extra toes).
However, modern purebred Maine Coons are rarely, if ever, polydactlys.
This is because all cat associations automatically disqualify
polydactyls from competition in the purebred classes. Because of this,
most polydactyls were culled from the Maine Coon breed decades
ago. Since the polydactyl gene is dominant, you can't get a polydactyl
kitten unless at least one of the parents is also a polydactyl.

"I think my cat is part Maine Coon. How do I tell?"

The Maine Coon is America's native longhair cat; it evolved naturally
in response to the North American climate. Your cat's ancestors are
probably similar to the cats that ended up becoming the foundation of
the Maine Coon breed.

"Is that a Maine Coon? I thought all Maine Coons were brown."

Maine Coons come in a wide variety of color combinations.  The only
colors you won't find are the Siamese-type colors.

RECOGNIZED

American Cat Association (ACA)
American Cat Fanciers Association (ACFA)
Canadian Cat Association (CCA)
Cat Fanciers' Association (CFA)
Cat Fanciers' Federation (CFF)
Deutsche Rassekatzen Union (DRU)
Governing Council of the Cat Fancy (GCCF)
The International Cat Association (TICA)

BREED STANDARDS

TICA                                    CFA

Head . . . . . . . . . . 30pts          Head . . . . . . . . . . 30pts
  Shape . . . . . . 10                    Shape . . . . . . 15
  Muzzle & Chin . .  5                    Ears  . . . . . . 10
  Profile . . . . .  3                    Eyes  . . . . . .  5
  Cheek bones . . .  2

Eyes . . . . . . . . . .  5pts
  Size & shape . . . 3
  Placement  . . . . 2

Ears . . . . . . . . . . 10pts
  Size & shape . . . . 5
  Placement  . . . . . 3
  Furnishing/Lynx tips 2

Body . . . . . . . . . . 20pts          Body . . . . . . . . . . 20pts
  Size & shape . . . 10                   Shape  . . . . . . 20
  Boning . . . . . .  5                   Neck . . . . . . .  5
  Musculature  . . .  3                   Legs & Feet  . . .  5
  Neck . . . . . . .  2                   Tail . . . . . . .  5

Legs & Feet  . . . . . . 10pts

Tail . . . . . . . . . . 10pts

Coat . . . . . . . . . . 20pts          Coat . . . . . . . . . . 20pts
  Length . . . . . . 10
  Texture  . . . . .  8
  Density  . . . . .  2

Color  . . . . . . . . .  5pts          Color  . . . . . . . . . 15pts
                                          Body Color . . . . 10
                                          Eye Color  . . . .  5


ACFA

Head . . . . . . . . . . 35 pts
  Shape  . . . . . . 10
  Profile  . . . . . 10
  Ears . . . . . . . 10
  Eyes . . . . . . .  5

Body . . . . . . . . . . 35 pts
  Shape  . . . . . . 15
  Legs/Feet  . . . . 10
  Tail . . . . . . . 10

Coat . . . . . . . . . . 20 pts
  Length . . . . . . 10
  Texture  . . . . . 10

Coat Color . . . . . . . 10 pts

Penalize/Disqualify: short or overall even coat, light or delicate
boning, undershot chin, buttons, lockets, or spots, kinked tail, and
extra toes.

BREEDERS

There are many Maine Coon breeders throughout the U.S. and Canada. The
breeders sections of Cats and Cat Fancy magazines list many breeders.
Some breeders have waiting lists for their kittens and may refer you
to another breeder if they are not able to help you.  Breeders who are
members of the Maine Coon Breeders and Fanciers Association agree to a
specific code of breeder ethics.  The MCBFA maintains a list of
breeder members.


