                          EMERGENCY RESCUE GUIDELINES
                                      FOR
                            AIR BAG EQUIPPED CARS *


                             Incident with a Fire

                First use normal fire extinguishing procedures
                   then follow the rescue guidelines below.


                       Incident with a Deployed Air Bag

                  Use normal rescue procedures and equipment.

                        Do not delay medical attention.

                      DEPLOYED AIR BAGS ARE NOT DANGEROUS

However, they do produce a dust that may cause minor skin or eye irritation
which can be prevented by:

-- Wearing gloves and eye protection
-- Keeping the dust away from the patient's eyes and wounds
-- Removing gloves and washing hands after exposure to the dust


                      Incident with an Undeployed Air Bag

          An Undeployed air bag is unlikely to deploy after a crash.

Most incidents will not require rescuers to work in what would be the
deployment path of the air bag; therefore, rescue operations can begin without
delay.

           IN THOSE RARE INSTANCES WHEN SOMEONE IS PINNED DIRECTLY
           BEHIND AN UNDEPLOYED AIR BAG, SPECIAL PROCEDURES SHOULD
           BE FOLLOWED:

           -- Disconnect or cut both battery cables safely
           -- Avoid placing your body or objects against the air bag module,
              or in what would be the deployment path of the air bag
           -- Do not mechanically displace or cut through the steering column,
              until after the system has been fully deactivated
           -- Do not cut or drill into the air bag module
           -- Do not apply heat in the area of the steering wheel hub

* Based on information provided by the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration (NHTSA) by the automobile and air bag manufacturers, and
coordinated with the U.S. Fire Administration (USFA).

If your questions are not answered below, please contact the NHTSA Office of
Occupant Protection, NTS-13, Washington, DC, 20590, or the USFA Office of
Firefighter Health and Safety, NETC, Emmitsburg, MD 21727.
          AIR BAG-EQUIPPED CAR EMERGENCY RESCUE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

Q1.  How does an air bag work?

Most air bag-equipped cars on the road today have a driver-side air bag.   A
few makes, Lincoln, Mercedes, and Porsche, have both driver- and
passenger-side air bags as standard or optional equipment.  The air bag is
designed to supplement the protection offered by safety belts.  In a frontal
impact of sufficient severity (comparable to a collision into a solid wall at
10-14 MPH or above), sensors in the vehicle detect the sudden deceleration and
trigger the inflator module.  This causes the solid chemical propellant sealed
inside the inflator, principally sodium azide, to undergo a rapid chemical
reaction.  This reaction produces primarily nitrogen gas, the same gas that
makes up 80 percent of the air we breathe.  The gas inflates a woven nylon bag
packed inside the steering wheel hub or the instrument panel for the front seat
passenger.  The bag inflates in less than one-twentieth of a second, splitting
open its protective cover, and inflating in front of the occupant.  As the
occupant contacts the bag, the nitrogen gas is vented through openings in the
back of the bag, which helps to cushion forward movement.

Because air bags are designed to deploy only in frontal or near-frontal
crashes--not in side, rear, or rollover crashes--it is possible that you will
be involved in rescuing someone from a car with an air bag that did not deploy.

Q2.  How do I identify a car equipped with an air bag?

If the bag has deployed, you will be able to see it dropping from the steering
wheel hub or the instrument panel om the passenger side.

If the bag did not deploy, several methods can be used.  The steering wheel hub
is large and rectangular, (about 6" X 9").  The large hub usually will be
covered with a scored, soft plastic material.  The words, "Supplemental
Inflatable Restraint," "Air Bag," or initials such as "S.I.R.," or "SRS," may
be embossed somewhere on the surface.  In most cases, the Vehicle
Identification Number (VIN) can be used to determine the presence of an air
bag.  Exhibit 1 shows the codes used by the auto manufacturers.  Some
manufacturers indicate the presence of an air bag system by placing placards
under the hood and on the driver side windshield pillar.

If you cannot determine whether the car is equipped with an air bag, you
should assume that it has one, particularly if it's a late model car, and
follow the guidelines for air bag cars.

Q3.  Is smoke produced during deployment?

There are three kinds of "smoke."  First, many people mistake the corn starch
or talcum powder used to lubricate the bag as smoke.  These substances should
not be a problem for rescue workers or accidents victims.  Second, a sealant
which is used to prolong the life of the air bag system can smoke when the air
bag is deployed.  This smoke dissipates rapidly and should not be cause for
concern.  Lastly, during deployment, small particles from inside some bag
systems are vented into the passenger compartment.  These airborne particles
look like some, and some are deposited as a powdery residue on and around the
bag.

Q4.  Is the air bag hot?

The bag itself will not be hot.  Some components within the air bag module will
be hot for a short time, but they are relatively in accessible and should pose
no threat to rescue personnel or crash victims.  However personal contact  with
the steering wheel hub should be avoided for at least 15 minutes after
deployment.



Q5.  What about the powdery residue on and around the air bag?

The residue is primarily corn starch or talcum powder, which is used to
lubricate the bag as it deploys, and by-products of the chemical reaction that
produces the nitrogen gas to inflate the air bag.  This residue may contain a
small amount of a potential skin irritant, sodium hydroxide.

The same gloves and eye protection that rescuers would normally wear to protect
themselves (from sharp metal edges, glass, or from bodily fluids) also will
prevent any irritation to the skin or eyes resulting from the residue release
during deployment.  Thus, the potential for this type of exposure is not severe
enough to warrant delaying rescue operations.  Hands should be washed with mild
soap and water after handeling a deployed bag.  Also avoid rubbing your eyes,
eating, or smoking after handeling the bag until you have removed the gloves
and washed your hands.  Rescuers also should take care to avoid introducing the
residue into the eyes or any wounds of the patient.  If the residue gets into
the eyes, they should be flushed with water.



Q6.  Is there any sodium azide in the residue?  Is it harmful?

There is no detectable amount of sodium azide residue present in the passenger
compartment after an air bag deployment.  Sodium azide, a component of the air
bag inflator propellent, converts to the nitrogen gas used to inflate the air
bag.  Sodium azide in it's solid state is toxic, but since it is hermetically
sealed in a very strong metal container, which itself is located inside a
protective housing within the steering hub, it is unlikely that rescue workers
will be exposed.



Q7.  If a undeployed air bag module is somehow ruptured, what precautions
     should be taken?

In the unlikely event that the canister containing the sodium azide-based
propellent is ruptured, any unburned propellent will be found in a variety of
pressed tablet forms.  Do not touch or ingest any exposed propellent or expose
it to an ignition source.  As in all other rescue operations, rescuers should
wear gloves and eye protection.




Q8.  Is the sodium azide canister likely to explode during a car fire?

No.  The air bag is designed to inflate normally in the event that a vehicle
fire causes the canister to be heated above 300 Degrees F.  Consequently it is
possible that the air bag will deploy in a car fire, but there should  be no
fragmentation of the inflator.

Q9.  If there is a fire in an air bag car, can water be used to extinguish it?

Yes.  Any effective firefighting medium, including water, may be used to
extinguish a fire in an air bag-equipped car.


Q10.  Is it all right to breathe the passenger compartment air after an air bag
      has deployed?

Chemical analyses of deployment by-products show no reason for concern.  Also
tests have been conducted with volunteers, chronic asthmatics known to be
highly susceptible to airborne particles.  These tests showed that the
atmosphere produced by an air bag inflation posed no respiratory system hazard
to the asthmatics studied.


Q11.  What has been the experience of crash test personnel in dealing with air
      bag-equipped cars?

NHTSA has crash tested more than 70 with air bags.  The test engineers and
technicians who regularly handle deployed air bags and test dummies have
reported no ill effects from their repeated exposure to the products of air bag
deployments.


Q12.  If the air bag did not deploy in the crash, is it likely to deploy after
      the crash?

No.  The sensor devices used to activate the system are designed to respond
only to the type of violent forces present during a crash.  It is unlikely that
the same type of forces will be created during rescue operations.

In most cases, rescue operations can proceed normally and without delay.  In
the unlikely event that a driver or passenger is pinned behind an undeployed
air bag, it will be necessary to take special precautions (See Q15).


Q13.  If the air bag(s) did not deploy in the crash, can the system be
      deactivated?

The electrically activated systems used on most  air bag-equipped cars can be
deactivated.  First, disconnect or cut both battery cables.  This will begin
the deactivation period for the backup power system that it part of most
electrically activated systems.  For some vehicle makes, deactivation will
occur in a matter of seconds; others take a few minutes, (See Exhibit 2).
Mechanically activated systems, used only on 1990 Jaguar coupes and
convertibles, cannot be deactivated in the field.
                                   EXHIBIT 1

                   VEHICLE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (VIN) CODES
                    FOR DRIVER- AND PASSENGER-SIDE AIR BAGS

                                    MODEL          VIN           VIN
     MAKE        SERIES             YEARS        POSITION       VALUE     TYPE
     _________________________________________________________________________

     ACURA       LEGEND             1988-91        4-5           KA        D
                 NSX                1991           4-5           NA        D

     AUDI                           1989-91        6             5         D

     BENTLEY                        1990-91        8             D         D

     BMW                            1986-91        8             1         D

     BUICK                          1990-91        7             3         D

     CADILLAC                       1989-91        7             3         D

     CHEVROLET                      1990-91        7             3         D

     CHRYSLER                       1988-91        4             X or Y    D
                 TC MASERATI        1991           7             2         D

     DODGE                          1988-91        4             X or Y    D

     FORD                           1985-91        4             C         D

     INFINITY                       1990-91        8             C         D
                 G-20               1990           8             C         D

     ISUZU                          1990-91        7             3         D

     JAGUAR      PALLETTE COLLECT                  5              W        D
                 XJS                1990-91
                 CLASSIC COLLECT    1991

     LEXUS                          1990-91        4              C        D

     LINCOLN                        1990-91        4              C        D
                                    1989-91        4              L        D/P

     MAZDA       MX-5               1990-91        4-8            NA351    D
                 RX-7/Convertible   1990-91        4-8            FC352    D

     MERCEDES BENZ                  1984-91        8              B or D   D
                                    1989-91        8              E        D/P

*  D = DRIVER SIDE AIR BAG
 D/P = DRIVER-SIDE AIR BAG and PASSENGER-SIDE AIR BAG

Q14.  Should rescuers wait for the system to be fully deactivated before
      proceeding with rescue operations?

Except for the special case of someone being pinned behind an undeployed air
bag, rescue operations can and should begin immediately.  Rescue workers should
not place themselves or any objects on the air bag module (the face of the
steering wheel hub), or in what would be the deployment path of the air bag.

Q15.  What if someone is pinned behind a steering wheel or instrument panel
      with an undeployed air bag?

In the unlikely event that a driver or front seat passenger is pinned behind an
undeployed air bag, special procedures should be followed.

If circumstances permit, wait for the system to be fully deactivated before
attempting to remove the victim (See Q13 for deactivation procedures).

You need not wait to provide medical attention, so long as you do not place
your body or any objects on the air bag module, or in what would be the
deployment path of the air bag.

If the patient must be removed at once, extrication efforts should be performed
from the side of the entrapped victim, and away from the potential deployment
path of the air bag.  Do not place your body or other objects against the air
bag module.  Do not mechanically displace or cut through the steering column
unless the air bag system has already been fully deactivated.  At no time,
should anyone drill into the air bag module, or apply heat (above 300 Deg. F)
in the same area of the steering wheel hub.

In the case of the mechanically activated system currently found only on 1990
Jaguar coupes and convertibles, extreme care should be taken to avoid sharp,
jolting impacts to the steering column, particularly in a forward or rearward
direction.  Cutting of the steering wheel rim or the column is permissible, if
the previously  mentioned types of impacts can be avoided.

NOTE:  Crashes that result in victims being pinned behind an undeployed air bag
will be rare.  NHTSA has not heard of such a case among the thousands of
crashes documented to date.  A unusual combination of circumstances, for
example, a direct side impact which buckled the floor upward beneath the
victim, would have to be present to trap someone without deploying the air bag.

Q16.  Occasionally we use damaged cars for rescue training purposes.  The cars
      are scrapped after we finish the training.  Should we take any
      precautions to prevent an unwanted deployment during training?

Before using an air bag-equipped car for training purposes, deploy the air bag.
A procedure for deploying the air bag can be found in the service manual,
provided by each manufacturer to its dealers.  Contact the car dealer for
assistance.





                             EXHIBIT 1 (Continued)

                                    MODEL          VIN           VIN
     MAKE        SERIES             YEARS        POSITION       VALUE     TYPE
     _________________________________________________________________________

     MERCURY                        1985-91        4              C        D

     MITSUBISHI                     1990-91        4              X        D

     NISSAN                         1987-88        8              B        D
                                    1989-91        8              C        D

     OLDSMOBILE                     1988-91        7              3        D

     PLYMOUTH                       1988-91        4              X or Y   D

     PONTIAC                        1989-91        7              3        D

     PORSCHE                        1987-91        6              2        D/P

     ROLLS ROYCE                    1990-91        8              D        D

     SAAB        900                1990-91        5              L or K   D
                 9000               1988           5              L        D
                 9000               1989-91        5              L or K   D

     TOYOTA      SUPRA              1990-91        4-8            MA70M;MA70N D
                                                                  MA71M;MA71N

                 CELICA             1990-91        4-8            ST88P;ST87F D
                                                                  ST87N;ST85N
                                                                  AT86F;ST87K

                 MR2                1991           4-8            SW21M;SW21N D
                                                                  SW22M;SW22N

     VOLKSWAGON                     1989           6              9        D
                 CABRIOLET          1990-91        6              5        D

     VOLVO                          1989-91        5              A        D













                                   EXHIBIT 2

              DEACTIVATION TIMES FOR AIR BAG BACKUP POWER SUPPLY

                   VEHICLE MAKE                         TIME
             _____________________________________________________

                   Acura                                15 Seconds

                   Audi                                 10 Seconds

                   Bentley                              30 Minutes

                   BMW                                  20 Minutes

                   Chrysler                             2 Minutes

                   Ford                                     *

                   GM                                   10 Minutes

                   Isuzu                                10 Minutes

                   Lexus                                20 Seconds

                   Mazda                                10 Minutes

                   Mercedes                             1 Second

                   Mitsubishi                           30 Seconds

                   Nissan                               10 Minutes

                   Porsche                              10 Minutes

                   Rolls Royce                          30 Minutes

                   Saab                                 20 Minutes **

                   Toyota                               20 Seconds

                   Volvo                                10 Seconds

                   VW (Cabriolet)                       10 Minutes



                    * MY 1985-89 = 0; MY 1990 = 15 minutes;
                      MY 1991 = 1 minute if positive battery
                      cable is shorted to ground, 15 minutes
                      if not shorted out
                   ** 0 Seconds if panel beneath steering column
                      is removed & orange connector to air bag
                      module is disconnected

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        