
Accommodations, Airplane Rides and More for Youth Groups

The U.S.  Air Force provides a variety of free, unique experiences for our
nation's youth, especially national scouting groups.  The Air Force opens its
facilities to these groups for special events, such as olympics, jamborees,
conferences, and meetings.  Overnight accommodations ranging from camping sites
to beds in barracks are also available.  Youth can participate in training
exercises, obtain orientation plane rides, and take tours of the Air Force
facilities.  Aerospace education, career programs, and sometimes surplus
properties are also available.  Films, on topics as diverse as expert motorcycle
riding, space communications, the history of the Air Force, and missile
development in space can be borrowed.  For information, assistance or support in
any of the above areas, scout and youth groups should contact the Youth
Organization Project Officer at the Air Force Installation where they wish to
conduct an activity.

Address correspondence to:  Base Commander, (List Appropriate Name) Air Force
Base, State, Zip Code, Attention:  Youth Organization Project Officer.  For
national and regional events, youth groups should write the appropriate regional
liaison officer or the director.  A list of these officers appears below.

Director, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Kelly Air Force Base, Texas
78241-5000/512-925-5384.

Northeast Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, McGuire Air Force Base,
New Jersey 08641-5000/609-724-2905/3728.

Southeast Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Dobbins Air Force Base,
Georgia 30069-5000/404-424-4990.

East Central Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, O'Hare ARF Facility,
Illinois 60666-5000/312-694-6088.

South Central Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Carswell Air Force
Base, Texas 76127-5000/817-735-7134.

North Central Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Whiteman Air Force
Base, Missouri 65305-5000.

Western Region, Air Force Office of Youth Relations, Travis Air Force Base,
California 94535-5260/707-438-5100.




Adopt-A-Horse

In order to control the population of wild horses and burros grazing on public
land, the U.S.  Department of the Interior offers these animals for adoption to
qualified applicants.  For further information and adoption applications
contact:  Adopt-A-Horse, Bureau of Land Management, U.S.  Department of the
Interior, Washington, DC 20240.




Anger - Helping Children Cope

A free pamphlet entitled "Plain Talk About Dealing with the Angry Child" (502N)
suggests ways of helping a child cope with feelings of anger and aggression. 
Available from:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




Anorexia Nervosa

A 7-page booklet entitled "Facts About Anorexia Nervosa" (411N, 50 cents)
describes symptoms, causes, and treatments of this potentially fatal eating
disorder.  It also gives sources for more information and assistance. Available
from:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




  Art Musxeum Exhibits For Rent

  The Smithsonian Museum provides specially designed exhibts to organizations
and institutions across the country, and abroad, at the lowest possible rental
fees.  More than 120 exhibitions of paintings, sculptures, prints, drawings,
decorative arts, history, children's art, natural history, photography, science
and more are circulated every year.  Contact:  Smithsonian Institution, 900
Jefferson Drive SW, Washington, DC 20560/ (202)-357-3168.




Art on Loan

Educational materials, including color slide programs, films and videocassettes
based on works in the National Gallery of Art's collection and special
exhibitions can be borrowed without charge.  A free catalogue is available.
Write:  Extension Programs, National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC 20565.




Arts America

The International Communication Agency assists qualified artists and performers
in arranging private tours overseas.  Its aim is to present a balanced portrayal
of the American scene.  ICA has sponsored:  a major exhibition of American
crafts shown in China;  a modern dance company's visit to the USSR, Spain, and
Portugal;  and a jazz ensemble's tour of Nigeria, Senegal and Kenya.  Contact:
Arts Liaison Advisor, Office of the Associate Director for Programs,
International Communication Agency, United States Intelligence Agency, 301 4th
Street SW, Room 568, Washington, DC 20547/202-485-2779.




Art Slides from the National Gallery

Slides of the Gallery's collection are available on a loan basis to
organizations, schools, and colleges without charge.  Contact:  Slide Library,
National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC 20565/202-737-4215.




Best and Worst Food Buys for Coming Months

A free subscription to the National Consumer Buying Alert will keep you informed
about which foods will be cheaper or more expensive in coming months. The
monthly publication also provides general consumer tips, such as how to deal
with a wet basement, how to insulate your home or how to reduce gas consumption.
 For a free copy write:  Consumer Information Center, Pueblo, CO 81009.




Bibliographies

Free listings of Government publications on more than 240 subjects ranging from
accounting to veteran's affairs can be easily obtained.  For a brochure on the
subjects covered write to:  Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, DC 20402/202-783-3238.




Biking and Hiking Maps

Brochures with maps of trails throughout the National Park Service are available
free of charge.  When placing your order, specify the geographical area you are
interested in.  Contact:  U.S.  Department of Interior, 18th and C Streets NW,
Room 1013, Washington, DC 20240/202-343-4747.  (Note:  If you call, you will at
first hear a recording.  Stay on the line if you wish to speak with someone.)




Birthday and Anniversary Greetings from the President

The President will send birthday greetings to individuals 80 or over and
anniversary greetings to couples married 50 years or longer.  You must notify
the President of the event, in writing, at least 2 weeks (preferably 1 month or
more) before the celebrated occasion.  Include in your letter:  the name(s) and
address, including zip code of the person(s) to be honored, and information
about the event including the date, number of years being celebrated and whether
it is a birthday or anniversary.  Write:  White House, Greetings Office,
Washington, DC 20500.




Boating Lessons

A variety of free courses, ranging from 1 to 13 classes, on safe boating are
offered by the U.S.  Coast Guard.  For further information contact your local
U.S.  Coast Guard Office, or Commandant (G-BAU-1), U.S.  Coast Guard,
Washington, DC 20592/202-426-1077.




Breast Cancer

A pamphlet is available summarizing information about breast cancer, biopsy,
mammography, reconstruction and rehabilitation.  For a free copy write: Public
Inquiries Office, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health,
Bethesda, MD 20205.




Brides Information Package

Available to new homemakers, this packet contains an assortment of home and
garden bulletins relating to budgeting, consumer tips, cooking, etc.  Contact:
Your Congressman, U.S.  Congress, Washington, DC 20515/202-224-3121.




Business Loans for Children and Teenagers

The U.S.  Department of Agriculture lends up to $10,000 to youths from ten to 21
years of age.  The loans can be used to support both farm and non-farm ventures,
such as small crop farming, livestock farming, roadside stands and custom work.
They are normally made in conjunction with youth groups and require parental
consent.  Contact:  Production Loan Division, Farmers Home Administration,
Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC 20250/202-447-4572.




Calendars

Each congressional office has a large stock of hanging wall calendars,
containing beautiful photographs of Washington Scenes.  For a free calendar
contact:  Your Congressman, U.S.  Congress, Washington, DC 20515/202-224-3121.




Child Support Handbook

The "Handbook on Child Support Enforcement " is a "how-to" guide for getting the
child support payments which are owed to you and your children. Information is
provided about applying for child support enforcement services, obtaining help
in finding the absent parent, establishing paternity, collecting child support,
and collecting payments in another state.  The free publication is available by
writing:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




Christmas Trees

Free Christmas trees are available to nonprofit organizations.  Commercial
organizations and individuals can obtain trees at fair market value, and for
$1.00 you can cut your own tree.  The trees are located on federal land in ten
western states.  Contact:  Your local office of the Bureau of Land Management,
the Forest Service, or:  Division of Forestry, Bureau of Land Management,
Department of the Interior, Room 5620, Washington, DC 20240/202-343-3229.




Chronic Pain

A free booklet describing causes and possible cures for pain, including
headaches, lower back pain, cancer pain and arthritis pain is available from:
Chronic Pain, National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and
Stroke, Room 8A-06, Building 31, Bethesda, MD 20205.




Coaches-Drug and Alcohol Prevention Program

A nationwide program, developed in conjunction with the National High School
Athletic Coaches Association, is designed to help coaches prevent drug and
alcohol abuse.  Free information packets, publications, a slide show and video
tape are all available to coaches.  Clinics and workshops for coaches will be
held throughout the United States at which Drug Enforcement Agency Special
Agents, professional athletes, and amateur sports figures will address a variety
of topics pertaining to drug and alcohol prevention.  Contact: Preventive
Programs, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, 1405 I Street
NW, Washington, DC 20537/202-633-1437.




Baldness Treatments (553N)

This freebie discusses products which are supposed to restore hair or prevent
hair loss.  Write:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO
81002.




Computerized Databases - Free Public Access

For the price of a phone call, computer users, with telephone link-up equipment,
can dial directly into several data bases operated by the federal government:
alternative fuel data bank AFDB, designed for direct public access, can be
searched by most home computer users having a telephone linkup. The data bank
contains information about the utilization of alternative fuels. It has three
types of data:  bibliographies of publications, synopses of ongoing research
activities and discussions of topics of current interest. AFDB focuses on the
use of non-petroleum sources and non-conventional fuels from petroleum sources
in transportation.  Examples of fuels covered include syncrudes from shale,
coal, alcohols, hydrogen, ethers and broadcut. Information is collected from
periodicals, abstract news service publications, technical society papers,
conference proceedings, and project progress and final reports.  Data retrieval
programs are interactive and designed for easy use by the general public.
Searches and direct-access privileges are available free of charge.  Contact the
Center to obtain a free user's manual and I.D.  number.  If you don't have the
equipment to search AFDB yourself, the Center will query the system for you and
send you a printout.  Contact: Alternative Fuel Data Bank, Bartlesville Energy
Technology Center, P.O.  Box 2128, Bartlesville, OK 74005/918-337-4267.

Climate assessment data base.  This database designed for easy public access
provides users with information about short-term climate conditions in the
United States and throughout the world.  Anyone with a compatible terminal (most
home computers are) and telephone linkup can obtain a password and dial directly
into the system.  Users can then select from a menu of 12 databases summarizing
meteorological data on a weekly, monthly and seasonal basis. Examples of data
include:  temperature, precipitation, weather indexes, heating and cooling days,
energy conditions, and assessment of climate on crops.  The system contains
global surface data collected from 8,000 stations worldwide.  Currently, most
data is in tabular form, but plans are under way to include graphical
presentations.  To obtain a password for this system contact:  NOAA, National
Meteorological Center, W353, WWB, Room 201, Washington, DC 20233/301-763-8071.

Computer standards and technology bulletin boards.  The Institute for Computer
Science and Technology sponsors two free electronic bulletin boards which
provide information about conferences, articles, and other literature dealing
with new standards and technology in computers and software.  One bulletin board
deals with computer performance evaluation and the other microprocessors. 
Contact:  Institute for Computer Science and Technology, National Bureau of
Standards (NBS), Washington, DC 20234/301-921-2731.

Crude Oil Analysis Data Bank.  This data bank contains analyses of nearly all
crude oils discovered in the United States and representative crude oils from
foreign countries.  COA is the world's largest collection of data about crude
oil physical properties, distillation and refining.  Examples of retrievable
properties include:  gravity, sulphur content, nitrogen content, viscosity,
color and pour point.  Other retrievable information includes the oil's
geochemistry, its source and financial value.  The database can be searched by
any parameter in the analyses (i.e., type of oil, location, specific property,
etc.).  The system is designed for easy use by the general public.

COA was started in the 1920's and it currently contains more than 10,000
analyses.  Searches and direct access privileges are available free of charge.
If you don't have the equipment to search COA yourself, the Center will query
the system for you and send you a printout.  To obtain a free User's Guide or
more information, contact:  Crude Oil Analysis Data Bank, Bartlesville Energy
Technology Center, U.S.  Department of Energy, P.O.  Box 1398, Bartlesville, OK
74003/918-336-2400 (ext.  256).

Time database.  The U.S.  Naval Observatory Automated Data Service (USNO-ADS)
collects the latest available time data, and most owners of home computers with
a telephone hook-up can dial directly into the system's numerous files. By
inputting appropriate information, users can obtain data such as:  the time of
sunrise, sunset, twilight and moonrise on a given day at any location on Earth; 
the times when transit satellites will pass over their area during the upcoming
25 hours;  the direction and distance (in nautical and statute miles) between
any two points on Earth;  the Universal Time;  and much more.  The Naval
Observatory has designed most of the programs on ADS, but they will help
individuals and organizations (such as universities) run their own programs on
the system.  Staff will also search their database for you at no cost. Contact: 
Time Service Division, U.S.  Naval Observatory, Washington, DC
20390/202-653-1527.




Computerized Decisionmaking for Consumers, Families, Businessmen, and Farmers

The Computerized Management Network (CMN) is a software system of more than 60
interactive programs developed to help the decisionmaking process for farmers,
consumers, families, and businessmen.  Designed to be used by
non-computer-oriented individuals, the system covers areas such as:  finance and
accounting;  taxes and estate planning;  human nutrition and health; home, farm,
and crop management;  information retrieval;  and much more.

You can obtain access to CMN through most Cooperative Extension Service (CES)
offices nationwide.  Subscribing CES offices will either search the system for
you or possibly let you conduct a search yourself.  Individuals and
organizations can also obtain direct-access privileges for a minimum usage fee
of $25.00 per month.  The cost of running CMN programs varies from 50 cents for
a very simple analysis to $15.00 for complex linear models.  Contact your local
Extension Service Office (listed under Department of Agriculture in your
telephone book).




Computerized Decisionmaking for Consumers, Families, Businessmen, and Farmers

The Computerized Management Network (CMN) is a software system of more than 60
interactive programs developed to help the decisionmaking process for farmers,
consumers, families, and businessmen.  Designed to be used by
non-computer-oriented individuals, the system covers areas such as:  finance and
accounting;  taxes and estate planning;  human nutrition and health; home, farm,
and crop management;  information retrieval;  and much more.

You can obtain access to CMN through most Cooperative Extension Service (CES)
offices nationwide.  Subscribing CES offices will either search the system for
you or possibly let you conduct a search yourself.  Individuals and
organizations can also obtain direct-access privileges for a minimum usage fee
of $25.00 per month.  The cost of running CMN programs varies from 50 cents for
a very simple analysis to $15.00 for complex linear models.  Contact your local
Extension Service Office (listed under Department of Agriculture in your
telephone book).




Congressional Pages and Interns

Approximately 100 pages work for Members of Congress during the school year.
More positions for pages as well as interns are available during the summer
months.  Contact your U.S.  Senator and Representative for more information.




Consumer Publications - Best Freebies List The Consumer Information Center is
the main distributor of free and low-cost consumer oriented publications issued
by the federal government.  Below is a representative listing of some of the
Center's most popular publications.  For copies of these publications, or to
order a free publications catalogue, contact:  Consumer Information Center,
Pueblo, CO 81009.

Cancer Prevention:  Good News, Better News, Best News (571N) provides advice on
what you can do to help protect yourself against cancer, including latest
nutrition information.

Child Support (501N) describes help available from the government to enforce
child support obligations, locate missing parents, and establish paternity.

Consumer Credit Handbook (591N) explains how to apply for credit, what to do if
you are denied, and how consumer credit laws can help you.

Student Guide -Five Federal Financial Aid Programs (513N) gives important
information about five grant and loan programs for college, vocational, and
technical school students.

Back Pain (569N) describes common causes and treatments of this all too common
ailment.

Your Social Security (515N) explains all about Social Security and Medicare
benefits, including who gets them and how to apply.

Checklist for Going into Business (516N) discusses important considerations
before starting a small business.

A Consumer's Guide to Life Insurance (592N) this is a comprehensive guide to
different types of policies, costs, and coverage;  includes a glossary of
commonly used terms.

How to Choose and Use a Lawyer (601N) provides questions and answers about fees,
advertising, referrals, and other legal resources.  It also covers what to do
when you have a problem with a lawyer.

Some Things You Should Know About Prescription Drugs (560N) even prescription
drugs can be dangerous;  here are tips for safe use.

How to Buy a Telephone (600N) gives facts about costs, selection, installation,
and repair.

Consumer's Guide to Telephone Services (618N) describes the best area services
available.

Consumer's Resource Handbook (613N).  A comprehensive guide to how to complain
and get results, this lists corporate consumer representatives, private consumer
organizations, and federal, state, and local government agencies with consumer
responsibilities.  The 111-page guide is available free of charge from: 
Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.

Contraception:  Comparing the Options (554N).  This free fold-out chart lists
the nine common methods of birth control and the pros and cons of each.  For a
copy write:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.







Cosmetics

A free pamphlet entitled  "Questions  Concerning  Cosmetics"  (548N)  provides
answers  to  seven  commonly  asked questions regarding ingredients in various
cosmetics.  Write:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.   Box  100,  Pueblo,  CO
81002.




Diet and Weight-Loss Gimmicks

Below are 2 freebies available from:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box
100, Pueblo, CO 81002.

About Body Wraps, Pills, and Other Magic Wands (564N) this discusses weight-loss
gimmicks, untested diet aids, and their potential dangers.

Diet Books Sell Well But (566N) presents the fallacies and hazards of some
popular diets, as well as advice about selecting a healthy diet to lose weight.




Disaster Handbook

In Time of Emergency - A Citizen's Handbook, provides information and guidance
about what families can do to enhance survival in the event of natural or
man-made disasters, such as fires, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, winter storms,
earthquakes, tidal waves, nuclear power plant accidents or nuclear attacks. 
Free from:  Federal Emergency Management Agency, P.O.  Box 8181, Washington, DC
20024.




Duck Stamp Contest

Artists are invited to participate in the Duck Stamp Contest, one of our
nations' oldest and most successful wildlife conservati Generally, beginning in
July of each year, artists can submit a rendition of any living species of North
American migratory duck, goose or swan for the contest.  A winner is selected,
and he or she receives a sheet of stamps (worth $225) and owns the copyright of
the painting which can be of great value.

The stamps, which must be purchased yearly by waterfowl hunters, are sold by the
U.S.  Post Office for $7.50 each.  The proceeds are then used to buy wetlands
for the National Wildlife Refuge System.  A free pamphlet entitled The Duck
Stamp Story presents the background of the Duck Stamp Program.  To order, or
obtain further information, contact:  Public Affairs, Fish and Wildlife Service,
Washington, DC 20240/202-343-5634.




Films You Can Borrow or Buy

The U.S.  Government has produced more than 13,500 films on subjects as varied
as foreign relations, drug abuse, preparing your taxes, business management,
space exploration and sexual assault.  The Government's National Audio Visual
Center catalogues, loans, rents and sells these films.  Upon your request the
clearinghouse will send you a listing of its holdings on any subject you choose.
 A free catalogue listing 3,000 titles on subjects of interest to the general
public is available free of charge.  Often there is a small fee for films
borrowed from the Center.  Contact:  National Audio Visual Center, Information
Services DW, Washington, DC 20409/202-763-1896.

Several government agencies distribute films they have produced directly to the
public.  Listed below, by broad subject area, are agencies from which you can
borrow films free of charge.  Films offered by these offices range from expert
motorcycle riding, courtesy of the Air Force, to recreational films from the
U.S.  Corps of Engineers.  Most of these offices will send you a free catalogue
listing films you can borrow or purchase.

Agriculture motion pictures on a variety of agricultural subjects are available
for loan through various State Extension Services film libraries. Contact: 
National Audio-Visual Center, Attention:  Information Services, Washington, DC
20409

Air and Space films are available on topics such as the Apollo missions, the
planets, earth-sun relationships, the atmosphere, weather, and National
Aeronautics and Space Administration research projects.  For information and a
free film catalogue contact:  NASA, Motion Pictures, Office of Public Affairs,
Washington, DC 20546/202-755-3500.

Air Force mation pictures for information on motion picture films created or
acquired by the Air Force and cleared for public distribution, contact:
DAVA-N-LD, Norton Air Force Base, CA 92409/714-382-2394.  A film catalog, ""Air
Force Regulations 95-2, Vol.  2,'' is available for $10.00 from: Superintendent
of Documents, U.S.  Government Printing Office, Washington, DC
20402/202-783-3238.

Air Force stock footage - footage of Air Force films is available from:
DAVA-DAVCOM Divisions, Building 248, Motion Media Depository, Norton Air Force
Base, CA 92409/714-382-2307.

Army Films - Army films available to the public, contact:  Commander, U.S. Army
Audio Visual Center, 1010 MOAV-MO, Room 5A470, Pentagon, Washington, DC
20310/202-694-4548.

Captioned Films - free catalog listing free educational and entertainment films
for the deaf is available from:  Modern Talking Picture Service, Inc., 5000 Park
Street N, St Petersburg, FL 33709/813-541-7571.

Citizenship Education - education films are available at no charge to civic,
patriotic, educational and religious groups.  There are also about 15 textbooks
on citizenship available, consisting of teachers' manuals and student textbooks
at various reading levels.  These books are distributed free to public schools
for applicants for citizenship.  Contact:  Naturalization, Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Department of Justice, 425 Eye Street NW, Room 7228,
Washington, DC 20536/202-633-3320.

Defense Logistics Agency - information on films available for public showing to
present and potential contractors, contact:  Headquarters, Defense Logistics
Agency, Department of Defense, Cameron Station, Room 3C547, Alexandria, VA
22314/202-274-6075.

Documentary Films and Newsreel Footage - approximately 91 million feet of
documentary and newsreel footage and other government-produced films constitute
this collection.  Materials can be screened and footage may be purchased.  For
more information, contact:  Motion Picture and Video and Sound Branch, National
Archives and Records Administration, 8th and Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Room G-13,
Washington, DC 20408/202-786-0041.

Drug Education - education films are available free of charge to civic,
educational, private and religious groups.  Contact:  Preventive Programs,
Office of Public Affairs, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of
Justice, 1405 Eye Street NW, Room 1209, Washington, DC 20537/202-633-1249.

Education Films - ERIC - Clearinghouse described in the ""Information on
Anything and Everything'' section of this Sampler, frequently loans audiovisual
materials.  For further details contact the ERIC Clearinghouse covering the
subject in which you are interested.

Encironmental and Recreation - Army Corps of Engineers offers public
informational films on subjects including navigation, flood control,
hydroelectric power, recreation, emergency operations management, environmental
enhancement and boating safety.  Various exhibits and audiovisual presentations
produced by the Corps are available for touring. For short, descriptive lists
and information, contact:  Public Affairs, Army Corps of Engineers, Department
of the Army, Department of Defense, 20 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Room 8122C, HQDA
(DAEN-PAV), Washington, DC 20314/202-272-0017.

Requests for loan of these films should be sent to:  Modern Talking Picture
Service, Inc., 5000 Park Street N, St.  Petersburg, FL 33709/813-541-7571.

Geology and Mapping Films - about geology, topographic mapping, water resources,
astrogeology, aerial photography, and other subjects are available. For
information and a free film catalogue contact:  Visual Information Services,
U.S.  Geological Survey, 790-National Center, Reston, VA 22092/703-860-6171.

Law Enforcement films - and videotape recordings can be borrowed for education
and information purposes.  Contact:  National Criminal Justice Research Service,
1600 Research Boulevard, Rockville, MD 20850/301-251-5500.

Natural Resources Films - are available describing many of the country's natural
resources.  For information and a free catalogue contact:  Bureau of Mines,
Motion Pictures, 4800 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213/412-621-4500.

Safty Relayed Films - are available on safety-related topics such areas as
outdoor power equipment, playground equipment, poison prevention packaging, and
toys.  A free catalogue is available.  Contact:  Consumer Product Safety
Commission, Washington DC 20207/Hotline:  800-638-2772.

Sexual Assault Films - explaining how to protect yourself against sexual
assault, as well as how to help a victim of an attack, are available from: The
National Center for the Prevention and Control of Rape, 5600 Fishers Lane, Room
6C-12, Rockville, MD 20852/301-443-1910.

Taxes - Internal Revenue Service loans a variety of films on subjects such as
the history of taxes, how a tax return is processed, taxpayer rights, and how to
organize a business for tax purposes.  For a free film listing and information,
contact your local IRS office or:  Public Affairs Division, Internal Revenue
Service, Department of the Treasury, 1111 Constitution Avenue NW, Washington, DC
20224/202-566-6860.

Foreign Relations History - four-part color film series, 30 minutes each, with
accompanying discussion guides, may be bought or borrowed without charge.  The
series starts with the militia diplomacy of the Revolution and ends with the
development of U.S.  foreign policy through 1975.  Contact:  Films Officer,
Office of Public Communication, Public Affairs, Department of State, 2201 C
Street NW, Room 4827A, Washington, DC 20250/202-632-8203.

Youth Oriented Films - free booklet listing films, both informative and
educational, for youth organizations is available from the Air Force.  The
films, on topics from expert motorcycle riding to space communications, as well
as Air Force history, may be borrowed.  For a copy of the booklet, "Air Force
Films for National Youth Groups," contact:  Aerospace Audio-Visual Service,
United States Air Force Central Audio-Visual Library, Norton Air Force Base, CA
92409-6518/714-382-2307.




Firewood

Firewood, for personal use, is available for a minimal fee from 155 National
Forests in the U.S.  A local forest ranger will identify the fallen and dead
wood which can be cut and/or carried away.  Contact your local Forest Service
Office for a free fact sheet.  For a map showing Forest Service land write:
Forest Service, Department of Agriculture, P.O.  Box 2417, Washington, DC
20013/202-447-3957.




Food Buying

You will find the 2 publications described below helpful.  Order from: Consumer
Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.

Making Food Dollars Count (409N, 50 cents) a two-week plan, including recipes,
to help the shopper on a limited budget meet nutritional needs.

How to Buy Economically:  A Food Buyer's Guide (436N, 50 cents) this provides
advice about how to cut costs on meat, poultry, eggs, milk, fruits and
vegetables.  It identifies months during which you can get the best buys on a
variety of fruits and vegetables.




Funeral Information

A booklet entitled Consumer Guide to the FTC Funeral Rule (425N, 50 cents)
explains your legal right to information concerning prices and options of
funeral services.  Available from:  Consumer Information Center, P.O.  Box 100,
Pueblo, CO 81002.




Future Trends

What's Next is a free bimonthly newsletter reporting about social, technical and
political trends that could be important in the future.  It is written to help
Congressional Representatives think about the future as they prepare
legislation.  You too can subscribe by contacting:  Your U.S.  Congressional
Representative's office and asking his/her staff to place you on the
newsletter's mailing list.




Employment Roadmaps

The Congressional Caucus for Science and Technology, established to serve
members of Congress, can tell you about the impact of science and technology on
training and retraining.  The Caucus plans to develop Employment Roadmaps which
will highlight employment opportunities, as well as training and educational
requirements, for current and prospective jobs.  Staff can answer questions
about high tech related legislation and they will refer science and technology
oriented inquiries to the Caucus' research arm, the Research Institute for
Space, Science and Technology.  Contact:  Congressional Caucus for Science and
Technology, House Annex Building 2, H2-226, 2nd and D Streets SW, Washington, DC
20515/202-226-7788.




Great Outdoors

The free catalogue Recreation and Outdoor Activities (SB-017) is a listing of
Federal government publications on biking, water sports, national recreation
areas, winter activities and more.  Available from:  Superintendent of
Documents, U.S.  Government Printing Office, Washington, DC 20402/202-783-3238




Handicrafts

A pamphlet containing information and a bibliography about crafts, both as an
art and as a business, is available free of charge from:  U.S.  Small Business
Administration, 1441 L Street NW, Washington, DC or your local SBA office.




Hotline to The President

Call 456-7198 in DC area or 800-424-9090 elsewhere to hear the President
announce the latest news from the White House.




How to Strike It Rich in the Government Oil and Gas Lottery

Individuals can participate in public lotteries which offer the rights to
extract oil and gas from federally owned land.  For an application and further
information contact:  Bureau of Land Management, Department of Interior, 18th
and C Street NW, Room 3560, Washington, DC 20240/202-343-5717.




Exercise and Your Heart

This free booklet explains the relationship between exercise and a healthy heart
and it offers practical information about what you can do to improve your heart.
 Available from:  National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, Information Office,
Building 31, Room 4A21, Bethesda, MD 20205.




Information Guides

The Library of Congress has published more than 100 Tracer Bullets, which are
reference guides designed to help a reader begin to locate information on a
subject about which he or she has only a general knowledge.  Examples of these
bullets are listed below.  Each cites books, reports, periodicals, abstracting
services and organizations for a particular topic.

To order a bullet or obtain further information contact:  Science and Technology
Division, Reference Section, Library of Congress, Washington, DC 20540/
202-287-5580.  Biotechnology, Japanese Science and Technology, Alcoholism,
Extraterrestrial Life, Women in the Sciences, Manned Space Flight, Personal
Computing/Home Computers, Aging, Stress:  Physiological and Psychological
Aspects, Human Diet and Nutrition, Chemical and Biological Warfare,

Insomnia (579N) This freebie covers the common causes of sleeplessness and ways
to cope without medication.  For a copy, write:  Consumer Information Center,
P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




International Youth Exchange Programs

Your Guide to International Youth Exchange (512N) lists guidelines for selecting
the right exchange program as a student, host family, or community volunteer.
The guide also contains a directory of selected programs and services.  The
64-page publication is available free of charge from:  Consumer Information
Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




Depression and Manic-Depressive Illness

This publication describes the wide range of depression states, the biological
factors related to depression and the treatments available.  To obtain a free
copy write:  Information Office, National Institutes of Health, Clinical Center,
Room 5C305, Bethesda, MD 20205.




Mailing Help

All you ever wanted to know about certified mail, forwarding mail, express mail,
return receipts, postage meters, COD, and much more is described in a free
21-page booklet called A Consumer's Directory of Postal Services and Products.
Copies can be obtained from your local post office or by writing to:  Consumer
Information Center, Department 532, Pueblo, CO 81009.




Medical Care Free or Low-Cost at 5,000 Places Nationwide

Call 800-638-0742 in Maryland or 800-492-0359 elsewhere for information about
free and low-cost care in hospitals and other health facilities nationwide.
Staff will send you a list of facilities in your area participating in the
federal Hill-Burton Free Care Program.  They will also send you a brochure
describing eligibility guidelines and advise you about filing any questions you
have about the program or care you may have received.  Information can also be
obtained by writing:  BHMORD-JRSA, 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD (Note:
Residents of Alaska and Hawaii must write for information, as the toll-free
numbers do not service either state.)




Menstrual Discomforts

A freebie entitled Doing Something About Menstrual Discomforts (574N) discusses
common problems related to menstruation and treatments, including a list of
non-prescription drugs that relieve specific symptoms.  Write: Consumer
Information Center, P.O.  Box 100, Pueblo, CO 81002.




Mental Health Services

A Consumer's Guide to Mental Health Services (544N) provides information on
services ranging from financial aid to different kinds of therapy.  The 21-page
guide is available by writing:  Consumer Information Center.  P.O. Box 100,
Pueblo, CO 81002.




Military Service Records

You can obtain the service record of anyone who retired from the U.S. Military
75 or more years ago.  Under certain circumstances you can also obtain
information about individuals who retired earlier.  A free booklet describing
the process for obtaining these records is available from:  Public Affairs
Office, Department of Defense, Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301/202-697-5737.




Mining, Prospecting and Drilling on Public Lands

Prospecting is still possible!  You can look for and mine "hard rock" minerals
on public lands administered by the federal government.  You can also lease
certain public lands to obtain oil, gas, coal, geothermal resources, and other
mineral products.  For information and free publications about this opportunity,
contact the local offices of your U.S.  Forest Service (USDA), or Bureau of Land
Management (Department of Interior).  You can also contact: United States
Department of Agriculture, U.S.  Forest Service, 12th and Independence Avenue
SW, P.O.  Box 2417, Washington, DC 20013/703-235-8010.




Missing and Exploited Children Resources Guide

A free publication entitled Directory of Support Services and Resources for
Missing and Exploited Children describes nonprofit or public support groups
throughout the country dedicated to assisting missing and exploited children and
their parents.  For a copy contact:  National Center for Missing and Exploited
Children, 1835 K Street NW, Suite 700, Washington, DC 20006/202-634-9821.




Missing Persons Locator

Both the Social Security Administration and the U.S.  military offer locator
services.  The Social Security Administration will help you locate a missing
parent, lost child or other close relative as long as your reasons are humane.
To activate the search, write a letter to your missing person and send it with
as much personal information as possible, e.g.  date of birth and place of
residence, to the Social Security Administration.  If the Administration can
locate the person in its files, it will forward your letter to him or her. The
Administration will not, however, give you the missing person's current address.
 For further information contact your local Social Security Information Office
or send your missing person letter, along with pertinent information to:  Social
Security Administration, Public Inquiries, Department of Health and Human
Services, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235/301-594-5970.

Past and present military personnel trying to locate someone who is, or has
been, in the military?  Each branch of the Armed Services has a worldwide
locator number you can call for information.  The operator needs the full name,
and if available the birth date and Social Security number, of the military
person you are trying to locate.  This service is free for military personnel or
members of the immediate family.  All other users must pay a fee of $2.85 and
submit their request by mail.

     Air Force 512-652-5774
     Mailing Address:AF MPC/MPC D003
     9504 IH 35 N
     San Antonio, TX 78233-6636
     (Make checks payable to Air Force, Randolph Air Force Base)


     Army 317-542-3647
     Mailing Address:USAEREC
     ATTN:  Locator Branch
     Ft.Harrison, IN 46249-5301
    (Make check payable to U.S. Treasurer)


     Marine Corps 202-694-1861
     Mailing Address:CMC MMRB-10
     HQs U.S.  Marine Corps
     Washington, DC 20380
     (Make checks payable to the U.S.  Treasury)


     Navy 202-694-3155
     Mailing Address:To find non-family members:
     Naval Military Personnel Command N 0216
     Washington, DC 20370-5021

To find a family member:  Naval Military Personnel Command N 036CC Washington,
DC 20370-5021 DC 20370-5036 (Make checks payable to the U.S.  Treasury)




Office Automation and Working Women:  Issues for the Decade Ahead

This publication discusses the most important issues women workers face in the
electronic office.  Single copies can be obtained free of charge.  There is a
nominal fee for multiple copies.  Contact:  Women's Bureau, U.S.  Department of
Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20210 (202)523-6611




Overseas Travel Programs for Americans

The United States Information Agency (USIA) will pay American experts, who can
contribute to foreign societies' understanding of the United States, to travel
abroad and participate in seminars, colloquia or symposia.  Subjects covered by
American participants have included economics, international relations, U.S.
social and political processes, arts and humanities, and science and technology.
 A free booklet American Participants, which describes the program, is
available.  Contact:  American Participants, Office of Program Coordination and
Development, U.S.I.A., 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Room 200, Washington, DC
20547/202-724-1900.




Pamphlets Unlimited

The free leaflet Vacations Unlimited!  catalogs many low-cost ($2.25 - $7.00)
travel publications available from the Federal Government.  Available from:
Vacations Unlimited!, Superintendent of Documents, U.S.  Government Printing
Office, Washington, DC 20402/202-783-3238.


nder certain circumstances you can also obtain
information about individuals who retired earli