        THE EYE DETECTOR


This is not a trick or a gimmick.  It is
a valuable tool that can be of great
assistance in your everyday life.  You
can use it for entertainment purposes
however.

Researchers have discovered that if you
show people photographs of normal
everyday items, the pupils of their eyes
remain pretty much the same.  When shown
sexually oriented photos of the opposite
sex, their pupils would dilate
dramatically.  Further research showed
that whenever a volunteer was shown
something that they wanted very much,
the pupils would again dilate.
Con-versely, when people are telling a
blatant lie, the same thing happens.

You have to be watching very closely to
see this happen, but a suddenly dilated
pupil can tell you a lot.

How can you use this information? I hope
explanation is not necessary as far as
detecting lies go.  You can of course
use this for negotiations, making
purchases, forming partnerships etc.
While it can make you more careful and
is valuable, nevertheless, this is not
foolproof.  You should not accuse anyone
of lying unless you are positive.  This
is just a tool.  It is not 100%.  Use it
as an indicator only.

It can also be handy in relationships.
The next time you are flirting with
someone, you might make mildly
suggestive comments and study the eyes,
watching for a sudden flare of the
pupils.  Again, be careful and tactful.
You don't want to be sued for
harassment.

For entertainment purposes, you might
use something like the following.  Pick
a volunteer and seat them in front of
you.  Take four blank pieces of paper or
cards and draw a big dollar sign on one
of them and leave the other three blank,
or write something benign on them like
"pen," "pencil" and "paper clip." Tell
your subject that the dollar sign
represents one million dollars that you
have just given them.  Tell them to
visualize the one thing in their life
that they want more than anything.
Something that they would be able to
purchase with that million dollars.
Make sure that they have something real
in mind.  Tell them to visualize the
color, to really see it in their mind's
eye.  Picture it clearly.

Then you instruct them to pretend that
the dollar sign represents the million
and it will be theirs to buy their
dream, unless.  .  .  you can tell which
card the dollar sign is written on.

Have someone else shuffle the cards or
paper, mixing them up.  When they are
handed back to your subject, they should
be concealed from you.  If you are
sitting at a table, your volunteer may
simply hold them under the table out of
your line of sight.  If you are not at a
table, use a towel or tray to obstruct
your vision, hiding the cards from your
sight.  You MUST still be able to see
your subject's eyes.  Tell them to look
at the cards one at a time and to then
look at you before going on to the next
one.  You may have to ask them to look
at one or two cards again.  When they
look up, you are of course studying
their pupils.  When they look up and you
notice that their pupils are dilated,
you know which card the dollar sign is
on.  You then amaze your audience by
telling them that the dollar sign is on
the third card they looked at (or
whichever).

If there is light behind you or the room
is somewhat bright, their pupils might
become somewhat smaller.  This is a
telltale because it tells you that the
pupils were larger.  They will dilate
again as the eyes adjust.

When they are looking at the blank or
benign cards, there will be little or no
change in the eyes.  The card with the
dollar sign will produce a much more
noticeable response.

If you think that your subject is going
to try and trick you, you might appoint
a member of your audience to act as a
sort of watchdog to see that your
instructions are carried out.  Or to
watch for any cheating on either of your
parts.

Practice this a few times with friends
or family before trying it with an
audience.  People will think that you
can read minds if this is done
correctly.

I am not going to attempt to tell you
all of the possibilities that this
concept has.  Law enforcement agencies,
customs officers, lawyers, personnel
officers etc.  all have their own uses
for this principle.  If you just
remember it and use it a few times, you
will be amazed at the information this
will give you.  It can also give you
quite a reputation.

Imagine the possibilities.





         END FILE
