

      TWO BOTTLES AND A BILL

Using two beer or soda bottles that are
the same, place one of the bottles right
side up near the edge of a table.  Put a
dollar bill on top of this one and
center it.  Then balance the second
bottle on top of the first, sandwiching
the bill between them.  Now challenge
your friends to remove the bill without
touching the bottles.

Here's how: Grab the bill between thumb
and forefinger and hold it straight out,
just tight enough not to tip the
bottles.  Using one or two fingers of
the other hand, strike down on the
dollar bill as fast as you can, still
maintaining your grip with the other
hand.  The bill will zip right out
leaving the bottles without even a
wobble.

Important! The bottles must be
completely clean and dry for this to
work.  Practice a few times to make it
look really easy.


           - END FILE -
