
           THE PUSH




A broom handle or similar object is held
parallel to the floor.  Two or even more
men grasp it palms up.  Drop a piece of
paper onto the floor and instruct the
men to touch the end of the broom handle
to the paper.  Of course they do this
effortlessly.

Then challenge them.

State that with only two fingers you can
prevent them from doing that again.
After they laugh and accept your
challenge, place two fingers just inside
the hand closest to the end intended to
touch the paper.  When they attempt to
touch the paper, they will instead find
themselves moving across the room.  The
secret? Instead of pushing up as
everyone will expect.  you push forward,
redirecting their force.  Practice a few
times at home first.






Variation: Challenge a person as
follows.  Have your victim take a broom
handle or similar object and hold it in
front of them, parallel with their own
body, handle end pointed downward.  Tell
them to grip it with both hands and push
it to the floor.  Again, this is done
effortlessly.  Now tell them that you
can stop them from doing this with only
two fingers.  Explain to them that they
cannot jerk the broom or use any quick
motion.  Just a steady pressure.

When they accept the challenge, just
place your two fingers near the bottom
of the handle, closest to the floor and
when they begin to push down, YOU push
to the side, once again re-directing
their force.  The handle goes everywhere
but down.




Another great one: Pick the largest
person in the room for this one.  Hold a
broom handle in your hands, parallel to
the floor at about chest height.  Grip
the handle about even with your
shoulders.  Challenge this person,
saying that no matter how hard they push
against the broom handle, they will not
be able to move you backwards.  Have
them grasp the handle just on the
outside of your hands and explain that
they must push with a steady pressure,
no quick motions, jerks or shoves.  When
he begins to push, you simply redirect
the force either upwards or downwards
depending on the height of your
challenger.  Gets them every time!


         - END FILE -
