
  LEARN ESPERANTO!  USE IT IN YOUR PROFESSIONAL WORK, IN YOUR
TRAVELS, IN YOUR INTERNATIONAL RELATIONSHIPS!

Dec 6, 1988

  Men of AntiArctica, greetings from the warm north.  I am
speaking to you as an U S citizen and Electrical Engineer working
with the most popular, most mass-produced computer in the world
(IBM-PC).  Powerful, now-inexpensive, and mass-produced by the
millions, this machine is the AK-47 rifle of computer equipment--
they are everywhere!  Unfortunately, this computer can not be
considered a world-standard because the software is still based
on the English language.
  I firmly beleive it would be better to have a standard,
world-wide environment of software based on the world
interlanguage ESPERANTO--providing easy software tools for WORK,
PLAY, LEARNING, and MANAGEMENT; and thus bringing the
perfectly-valid concept of the Esperanto world-interlanguage into
the "Information & Telecommunications Age".  I can provide the
software and the training materials (tapes, books, and printouts
to learn and use Esperanto for English, Spanish, and Russian
speakers), and you have the perfect place at which to implement
it.  Together, we could have the whole continent of AntArctica
(200 men) speaking to each other in Esperanto in 1989, and using
battery powered IBM-PC Esperanto computers for scientific
data-processing, management, and entertainment.
  I am not trying to sell you anything, I will give you what I
have (by mail and in-person at Punta Arenas); because the concept
is good and I would like to see it work.
  My wife an I have scheduled a vacation to Chile an I will be in
Punta Aranas, Chile on January 25-27, 1989.  It would be good to
meet with Sr. Patrico Calderon of COMAPA, and with any
representative from Palmer Station to discuss the possibilities
and advantages of Esperanto and computers.  If you contact me by
mail, I could bring additional tape-players or a battery-operated
computer for donation to Palmer Station personnel.  Looking
forward to hearing from you soon.


	Regards,
	George Brooks, US Citizen
