	(NEWCREDIT.TXT)


NO CREDIT?  HERE'S HOW TO GET STARTED ON YOUR OWN!

The following is an honest and easy to follow method that can be
used by any person who has NO credit and wants to "get
established." The only cost to you will be the interest you are
charged on your borrowing.

One of the worst problems in life is having no credit. Everyone
wants you to produce your credit card etc.  If you will follow the
method below, you WILL appear on the credit bureaus as a person
with credit then stand back and wait for the credit offers to come
to YOU!


__________________________________________________________________

You may reproduce this text and upload to other BBS.  We normally
sell this information for $10 but would appreciate a donation in
ANY amount as we really enjoy communicating with people through
Bulletin Boards around the country as a hobby.

Dave Johnson
PO Box 6155
Thousand Oaks, Calif 91359

Because we appreciate your help, we will acknowledge any donation
and/or comment received.
__________________________________________________________________

The best credit reference is a record of borrowing money from a
BANK.  Do not waste your time on small jewelry and department
stores as they are not looked on as good references in the real
credit world.  Everyone's goal should be to obtain a Mastercard or
Visa and this is the way to do it:

1.    Put aside $500 of your hard earned money to get this program
underway and watch it grow to real borrowing power! If you don't
have $500 right now, use any other amount and adjust the figures
below accordingly.

2.    Select a bank  (Bank A) near where you live (banks like you
to have a reason for doing business with them) and open both a
checking account and a savings account.  You can open the checking
with $100 in most banks, and put $400 in your savings.

3.    Wait one week then go back to bank A and ask for a personal
loan for $300 payable over one year using your savings account as
collateral.  They will give it to you right away as the loan is
totally secured by savings.  This will create a file on your
credit bureau because the bank will list the loan there.4.    Take the $300 loan, go to a bank wher you work (Bank B) and
open just a savings account.

5.    Wait one week and go back to bank B and ask for a Visa or
Mastercard secured by your $300 account. This will be done, and
will appear on the bureau!

6.    Use your checking account to make your first loan payment
the day you receive your first payment notice to Bank A (about
$30). Try to make this payment in person and take the opportunity
to let the person who made you the loan see you...say hello!

7.    Use your Visa Card right away to buy a hundred dollars worth
of necessities that you would NORMALLY buy with cash. 

8.    Use your checking account to make your first Visa card
payment the day you get your bill.  Pay twice what the bank asks
for and again, make your payment in person!

9.    Wait two weeks and make a double payment (early) on your
loan and visa cards, again say hello to the bank officer!

10.   Be sure to use the checking account by adding your paycheck
or other funds to "build it up" a little.

11.   After you have made payments on both loans, apply for a
Gasoline credit card, using those other items as references.  

12.   Be sure you take care of all payments due on your accounts
ON TIME and become a familiar face in the banks.

13.   DON'T PAY YOUR LOANS OFF!  Let the accounts run, even if
they are very low, for a year.  Creditors want to see your long
term credit history.  This will be especially important in the
future.

Before you know it, you will have the credit you need to buy cars,
furniture, get loans, and see an increase in your credit card
limits!  Just please, do not abuse this new found freedom.  Credit
is terrific if it is used properly!

We would be very pleased to hear from you ..... successes or
otherwise. It is feedback from our friends that has developed this
concept.



Thank you, and enjoy your new found Freedom!
 
 
 


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
