

        ONLY YOU CAN TEAR THIS





Twist an ordinary paper napkin
repeatedly like a rope and ask your
companion to pull the ends and break the
napkin.  Any napkin will prove difficult
(although not impossible) to tear.  When
you try it however, you are able to tear
each napkin easily, impressing everyone
with your great strength once again.

Oh yea, I guess I should tell you how to
do this huh? When no one is looking, dip
your fingers into your water glass, or
just use the condensation that has
collected on the outside of the glass,
and moisten the center of the napkin.
You may have to do this a couple of
times.  Once you have moistened the
napkin, the paper is reduced to the
original pulp and the fibers are so
weakened that they will pull apart
easily.  With a little practice you will
be able to moisten the napkin without
anyone noticing while you are twisting
it into the rope-like shape.


           - END FILE -
