
  4:30 p.m.  The subway train draws to a halt.	There is no station in sight.
Anxious glances dart around about the passengers as they realize each others
presence for the first time.  At the end of the train, a young lady in a green
pants suit stands up in the middle of the car and starts to unbutton her jacket,
which she takes off and drops to the dirty floor.  She also takes off her shoes,
her pants, her blouse, and the rest of her undergarments dropping them into a
neat little pile.  This leaves her totally naked.  She then moves her hands
across her thighs and begins to fiddle around between her legs.  Eventually she
grabs hold of something cold and metallic and very slowly she starts to unzip
her body; working in a straight line up the stomach, between the breasts, up the
neck, taking it up right through the center of her face to her forehead.  Her
fingers probe up and down the resulting slit; finally coming to rest on both
sides of her navel.  She pauses for a moment, before carefully working her flesh
apart.	Slipping her right hand into the open gash, she pushes up between her
throat, latching on to some buried solid at the top of her spine.  With a great
deal of effort she loosens and pulls out a thin shimmering golden rod.	Her
fingers release their grip and her crumpled body neatly sliced slithers down the
liquid surface of the rod to the floor.  SPLAT!  The rod remains hovering just
above the ground.  A flagpole without a flag.

  The other passengers have been totally silent, but at the sound of the body
dropping onto the floor a large middle-aged lady stands up and shouts "STOP THIS
, ITS DISGUSTING!" The golden rod disappeared The green pants suit was left on a
hanger, with a dry cleaning ticket pinned on the left arm.  On the ticket was
written:

		       Name........................
		       Address.....................
		       ............................
		       ............................

