
MISSOURI MAN PLEADS NOT GUILTY TO
CHARGES OF CRACKING 911 SYSTEM

  (Feb. 17)
  A 19-year-old University of Missouri
has pleaded not guilty to federal
charges he invaded the 911 emergency
phone network for nine states, then
passed along stolen information in an
electronic publication.
  Craig Neidorf was indicted earlier
this month along with Robert J. Riggs,
20, of Decatur, Ga. They are charged
with interstate transportation of stolen
property, wire fraud and violations of
the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
of 1986.
  As reported earlier, prosecutors
allege the two used computers to enter
the 911 system of Atlanta's Bell South
and copied the program that controls and
maintains the system. The stolen
material then allegedly was published on
a computer bulletin board system
operating in the Chicago suburb of
Lockport. Authorities contend Neidorf
edited the data for an electronic
publication known as "Phrack."
  Associated Press writer Sarah Nordgren
reports that at a hearing Thursday,
assistant US Attorney William Cook was
granted a motion to prevent the 911
program from becoming part of the public
record during the trial. US District
Judge Nicholas Bua set April 16 as the
trial date.
  The 911 system in question controls
emergency calls to police, fire,
ambulance and emergency services in
cities in Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia,
Tennessee, Kentucky, Louisiana, North
Carolina, South Carolina and Florida.

Downloaded From P-80 Systems 304-744-2253
