Copyright © 1997,  Rich Humus,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





I gotta Wash That Man Right Outta My Hair
by Rich Humus


I did a stupid thing. I bet my husband that my team would win the
Super Bowl. I should have known better. I was insistent, though, and
kept bugging him. I was so excited to see my team there, I just knew
they would win. Know I know why "fan" is from the word "fanatic". He
didn't want to bet, but I kept after him. Finally he said OK.

"Tell ya what. If your team wins, I'll buy you that diamond necklace
you saw over at Grant's in the mall the other day. All four grand of
it."

"Yeah! Now we're talking - "

"But if they lose, you do anything I ask. ANYTHING. Once. Deal?"

I thought a second. What could he want..

""What is it you want?"

"I don't know yet. I'll think of something. Well, is it a bet or not?"

I agreed. I couldn't see what he could possibly want, besides I KNEW
my team would win. I could already picture that gorgeous necklace on.

"Sure. No problem, sucker."

"We'll see who's the sucker...."

I had no idea how prophetic those words turned out to be.


After the game, I was crushed. They lost! How could they! Arrrrrgh!
Richard was nice, though, he didn't gloat or rub it in. He didn't
really like either of the teams anyway. He didn't even mention the
bet. Until the next morning.

"Well. You lost. Too bad."

"Yeah. Right."

"Now you owe me.  I figured out what I want."

"What?" I snarled at him, still pissed that I lost the bet. I hate
football!

"Remember, you said anything. Anything at all."

"Yeah, yeah. Out  with it."

He answered very slowly and calmly. "I want you to let some guys cum
on your face."

"What! What're you, nuts! -"

"Quiet! You lose, you owe."

"How many?"  Notice how my concern changed. One thing I do is honor my
bets.

He let several rather agonizing seconds elapse before he answered. I
think he knew all along but he wanted me to squirm for a minute.

"A hundred. An even hundred. Ninety-nine, if you wish. I'll go first."

I just looked at  him. "You're nuts. Where are you going to find that
many clean, " (and I emphasized CLEAN ) "guys. It can't be anyone we
know."

"You let me worry about that. NO insertion. No one else gets that
pussy or ass but me. But you're gonna get wet. And I'm gonna tape it."

I looked at him darkly. But he was right. In the past, when he'd lost,
I made him pay. I had a new XJS outside that was the result of one
rather foolish (on his part) wager.

Don't get me wrong, though. I don't mind an occasional facial or two.
He likes that. And I'm not crazy about the taste of cum, but I've
swallowed worse. (I had some cheap Mexican beer once that tasted like
it had been strained through Pancho Villa's horse blanket a couple of
times.)

Nothing more was said about it until about three weeks later.  Friday
night, Richard announced that we were going to a city about a hundred
miles away for the weekend. He looked at me across the dinner table.
"This is it. Payback time."

I gulped. He told me he'd made all the arrangements. He knew a guy who
ran a club there, and they'd "spread the word", so to speak.
Participants had to produce a clean bill of health, had to agree that
there would be no oral, vaginal or anal penetration, and there would
be no alcohol served that night. Oddly enough, everyone agreed. Apart
from the fact that every one of the bastards would shoot his cum on my
face, it sounded more like a Baptist prayer meeting.

Well, to make a long story short, we arrived at the club the next
evening about 8:30. It had ha sign on the front door announcing
"Private Party - Closed to the public."  That's when it really hit me.
I was in for something now.

Richard knocked four times and his friend let us in. I was introduced
to the guy, Sam, was his name, he seemed ok. I also met the bouncers,
Hank, Thomas, and Oswald (who the hell ever heard of a bouncer named
Oswald?) who I was assured would see that nothing got out of hand. Out
of hand. That's a laugh. A hundred guys jerking off on my face, but
nothing gets out of hand.

There was a lone spotlight shining down onto the center of the stage
with a couple of cushions and a chair nearby.

"You can sit or kneel."  I knew Richard was getting off on this
fantasy, so, even though I figured it would be more comfortable to be
sitting, I told him I'd kneel on the cushions.

They didn't waste any time. I looked around and could see that a bunch
of guys were there already. Richard took my coat off. I'd worn a knit
top and a skirt over a bra and panties. "Take the rest of your clothes
off and get on stage." He said. I did. Once there, he pushed me down
onto the cushions, produced a set of handcuffs from I don't know
where, and cuffed my hands behind my back.

"What's that for?"

"Number one, so you don't try to cover your face. Number two, in case
you wanted to give anyone a helping hand, so to speak. Remember, I
said no contact."

"Do I get a towel or anything?"

"No. It all stays on until the end."  I was gonna be a fright to look
at by then, I guess. I looked around and noticed about half a dozen
girls walking around talking to the guys. I guess they were "fluff
girls" or whatever. Helping the guys out, getting them ready. Richard
turned to the owner and said "We're ready. Door locked? Lights out?"
It was, they were. Except for the spotlight shining down on me like a
damn lighthouse beacon, of course.

Richard came around to the front of me and unzipped. His nice cock was
already halfway hard, He pushed it at my lips. "Me, you can suck."  I
gave it my best, which is quite,good, I might add. I deep throated him
for a few minutes, sucking and licking, hearing the catcalls and hoot
from the guys assembled around there, I must admit it turned me on a
little to know I was doing this in front of so many complete
strangers. I'd have been embarrassed to death in front of anybody I
knew, but these were all unknowns, and I knew we'd never see them
again.  Richard didn't take long, I think he wanted to cum quickly and
start filming the whole thing.

He pulled out and plastered me with six or seven good sized spurts,
one went right into my mouth and the rest landed on my face and neck.
I swallowed the one in my mouth. As Richard zipped up, he said "Oh
yeah - after each one, give the number and say 'I'll never be on the
Chargers again.' "  I looked up at him, sperm dripping down my cheeks
and grinned.

"One. I'll never bet on the Chargers again."

And so it began. I won't bore you with all the details, I mean, all
it was was guy after guy stepping up to me, jerking his dick off in my
face, and moving off. A lot of them bent down to kiss the top of my
head when they were finished, and whisper "Thanks, honey" or some such
endearing words, but after a while even the top of my head got too
spermy for most of them.

I do remember a couple of notable ones, though. Number 11 was this
huge guy who had a cock that you could pole vault with. He blasted so
much cream on me I thought I was gonna drown in the stuff. It went in
my ears, across the top of my head, up my nose (cough cough snort
snort...) and in my mouth, A LOT went in my mouth.

Number 23 was a little shrimp of a guy, with a cock that couldn't have
been more than four inches long. But he shot a straight stream of cum
right into my face. It was weird. Most guys shoot three or four spurts
- this guy shot one big stream of it. It was hot and thick, and tasted
like cinnamon. I swear it lasted three seconds.

After the first couple of dozen guys, my face was, naturally, a mess.
Some guys only came a couple of small spurts, some came a bit more,
and every now and then I got a gusher. But I swear every fuckin'
single drop landed on my face somewhere. My hair got sopping wet, it
was dripping down my back even. It was all across my forehead,
dripping down over my eyebrows and down my cheeks, up my nose, in my
mouth, my lips were covered it and, and it dripped from my chin like
icicles. I swallowed as much as I could, or as much as was shot in my
mouth anyway.

After each one, of course, I had to announce the number and say I
wouldn't bet on the Chargers again.  That was probably the worst part
about it, actually. I was really pissed at them for loosing.

After the 50th guy dropped his load in my mouth, Richard came up to
me.

"How're you doing?"

I turned to him. Close up like that, he could see the covering of
sperm on my face. It was everywhere, I don't think I had any dry skin
from my shoulders up. "Just fine. We're not done yet, are we?" I said,
thickly, the gooey sperm in my mouth making it hard to talk with any
clarity.

"Oh, no, no, just half way there. You look beautiful."

"Right. I've got about six fuckin' gallons of cum on my face and I
look like a drowned rat. Lovely." I grinned back at him.

"I've got a present for you. Her name is Delia."  A girl came up on
stage and kissed me, licking some of the cum from my face. I'm not
normally bi or anything, but she laid down behind me, scooted her head
up between my thighs, and I rose up a bit. Hell, anything's better
than nothing, right? Her tongue came up and started licking my slit
and I closed my eyes and sighed. "That's nice. Thanks, dear."

So then we started on the rest. Delia stuck her tongue so far up my
pussy I thought it'd come out my mouth. Now THAT was cool. I just
knelt there and let the guys jerk off on my face. A couple of them
came up real close with their dicks, just barely not touching my lips.
At times I really wanted to open up and suck them a bit, but I knew if
I did one, I'd have to do them all, and I don't think that was part of
the plan.

Ever had a cock cum in your mouth from an inch away? Sometimes, you
can actually hear the jizzum hit the back of your throat.  It's weird.

Looking back at the tape later, I could scarcely recognize myself. At
one time I had at least eight big lines of cum dripping down my face
in every direction. It dripped down off my boobs and onto the top of
Delia's head, too. After a while, it was even drooling all down my
chest and into my pubes, so I imagine Delia got to taste a bit of nut
juice that night.

You know, after fifty or so guys have spermed you, the rest seem,
well, anti-climatic. So to speak. After all, you can only get so much
cum on your face. Once you're drenched, it's all the same.  And I was
drenched. I swear some of those guys hadn't cum in months, they pumped
so much sperm on me. Richard was kind enough to lean in and wipe my
eyes off when any of it got in them, but for some reason, getting it
in my eyes never stung like I've heard other girls say it does. Maybe
something about my body chemistry or something. But it wasn't so bad.

At one point, there were eight Japanese guys in a row. Turned out they
were in town for a convention. Each one had to take fucking pictures
of the other seven guys sperming on me. I guess I'll be a porno queen
in Tokyo now.

Finally, after at least four goddam hours of getting my face sprayed,
we were finished, The last three guys stood around me and jerked off
together and all three sprayed me from the top of my head to my tits.
I can't see how I could have looked very sexy, kneeling there with cum
covering my face and my hair dripping wet and my eyeshadow and makeup
ruined, but, hey, you guys are turned on by the strangest stuff.

When everyone was finished, they all stood and cheered and applauded
me, I blushed then, as Richard uncuffed me and helped me stand up. My
legs were cramped like hell, and it took me a minute to straighten up.
Richard was rubbing all the cum into my skin, even my face, wringing
it out of my hair even. It felt good, actually, all the gooey creamy
stuff, it was still warm from being under the lights all night. If
you've never had a sperm massage, you might want to try it some time.
My chest glistened from it all. Then Richard really suprised me. He
reached into his back pocket and came out with a thin rectangular box.

"Here. You earned it anyway."  I opened it up and whooped - it was the
diamond necklace I'd had my eyes on from before, the one I would have
gotten if the goddam Chargers hadn't fucked up.

"I collected 50 bucks from all the guys. The other girls split a
thousand, and here's the rest."

I looked down at the necklace, It glittered in the strong lights. It
was exactly the one I had seen in the store window. Then I noticed
something dangling from the very bottom of it. I looked closer.

Sunuvabitch. It was a tiny "100" in diamonds.


                                  The End


--
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....