Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






Heather ch2

Heather (another cheating wife) * (Friend follows his buddies wife to the
mothers room in their church and fucks her while everyone's in church,
later she teaches him she has a thing or two in store for them)

	Rick was still talking to an old friend in the lobby of the Richland
Seventh Day Adventist church when Heather came out of the Sanctuary holding
her new baby.  The baby was crying and even though she was heading down the
hall, Heather managed to meet his eyes and smile.
	It seemed that Phil would never shut up.  Rick saw Heather go into the
mothers room of the church to nurse her baby or perhaps put her to sleep. 
Rick wanted to take the chance to talk to her without her husband around. 
Oh Dan was Rick's best friend, and always would be if he could help it, but
Heather was one of the most incredible women he had ever seen and a
complete flirt.  Rick knew he could not resist Heather long. He only hoped
that it wouldn't ruin his friendship with Dan.  After what seemed like an
eternity, Phil went into the sanctuary.
	Quickly Rick headed down the empty hall to the nursury and knocked lightly
on the door.  A few seconds later Heather opened the door to the dark room
and whispered with a smile, "Hi!"
	"Can I come in?" Rick asked.
	Heather looked out in the hall, "Is there anyone out there?"
	"No," Rick told her as she opened the mothers room door and let him in. 
Quickly she locked the door behind him.
	"No guys are supposed to be in here," Heather whispered.  The baby was
asleep in the crib.  Through the one way glass Rick could see the church
congregation as they stood to sing.
	"No body has to know"
	"What if somebody comes?"
	"I'll hide in the bathroom," Rick said.  Suddenly both of them realized
that something was happening.
	"Ut oh," Rick said.  "we're all alone in a locked soundproff room that no
one can see in.  We could be doing anything in here and no one would know."
	"This isn't such a good idea us being alone like this," Heather said.
	"Something could happen," Rick agreed.
	"Something definately could happen," she breathed in deeply.  "Maybe you
better go."
	"Or maybe I should stay." Rick said.  "Which would you rather have?"
	"Oh god," Heather said as she put her hand on her heart and looked out
into the congregation through the one way glass.  Her husband was singing
along with the others not far from the window.  "I'd rather you stay, but
Dan..."
	"Will never know," Rick said as he put his hands on Heathers hips and
kissed her softly on the lips.
	"Oh jesus, Rick," Heather panted.  "I want you so bad."
	Rick pulled Heathers dress down off her shoulders and Heather did not
fight but instead wiggled her chest so that her breasts fell out in her
white bra.  Pulling at the front of the bra, Rick unsnapped it and pulled
the bra away from her heavy white breasts.  Without a word Rick lowered his
head to her chest and took a breast into his mouth.  Sucking gently, Rick
drew out a warm stream of her milk on his tongue.
	"Oh god," Heather panted.
	"Come on," Rick told her. "Put your hands on the glass and shake those big
tities of yours for everyone out there to see."
	Heather knew no one could see through the glass so she did as he said,
pressing her tits against the glass her hands spread wide.  Rick
frantically lifted Heathers dress and found the waist of her pantyhose. 
Jerking them down hard, Rick nearly brought Heather to her knees as her
pantyhose now ended up wadded below her knee caps.   Quickly Rick grabbed
Heathers white panties and jerked them down until they were low on her
upper theighs. 
	"Oh my god," Heather gasped.  "You're going to fuck me right here?"
	"I can't stop myself," Rick said as he unbucked his pants and undid them. 
Pulling his pants down with his underwear, Heather could see his huge cock.
	"Jesus!" Heather said quite loudly.  "You're huge!"
	"You going to like it?" he asked her as he pressed her up against the
glass and grabbed his cock.  Slowly he began to guide it into Heathers hot
pussy stretching her cunt as her tits smashed against the mothers room
glass.
	"YES!!!" Heather said as loud as she could without screaming.  "Oh GOD it
feels so good!!!!!  Fuck me Rick!!"
	Pushing himself all the way into her Rick grunted,  "I wonder what Dan
would say if he knew I was pounding his wife's pussy while he was standing
right there."
	"Oh jesus!!" Heather said as she shoved her ass out and into Rick.  "Oh
jesus it's so big!!!"	
	"You like that?" Rick asked as he began to slide in and out of her slowly.
 "You like my big cock?"
	"Yes!! Jesus!!!" Heather gasped as she reached behind her to grab her ass
and spread it.  "Give it to me!!!  Give me your big cock!!!"
	"You're pussy's so hot!" Rick told her.  "So tight and hot!"
	"Oooo, I love you're big hard cock inside me," Heather said as she pushed
away from the glass further and bent over more arching her back.  "Fuck my
pussy with that big hard cock!!!"
	Rick stared down and admired his cock pumping in and out of Heather's
tight blonde pussy.  Her ass perfect and bouncing as he slapped himself
against her.
	Heather used one hand against the glass while she pulled her panties down
below her knees.  "I've got to get these off," she pleaded as she tried to
pull her pantyhose down.  "Please, I have to get these off so I can get
that big cock inside me further!"
	Rick pulled himself out of Heathers spasming clit and watched as she
frantically pulled off her pantyhose and panties.  Grabbing a small toybox
Heather pulled it over to her and used it as a footstool to raise her left
leg.  Her legs spread wide apart, left leg raised on the toybox, Heather
bent over again and put her hand on the window.  
	"Stuff that bock cock inside me!!" she told him as she put her free hand
between her legs and spread her tight blonde pussy lips.  "Fuck me!!"
	 Quickly Rick pushed his cock back inside of Heather's pussy and he could
feel that he was getting much deeper inside her with her legs spread like
this.
	"Oh fuck!!!" Heather panted as she rubbed her swollen libia with her
fingertips while Ricks cock began to pound her again.
	"I've wanted to fuck you for so long," Rick told her as he watched himself
stretching her tight pussy.
	"You can fuck me any time you want," Heather said as she squeezed her tits
frantically.
	"Do I have a bigger cock than Dan?" Rick asked though he had a feeling he
knew the answer already.
	"Oh fuck yes!!!" Heather moaned as she continued to squeeze her tits and
pinch her nipples.  "So fucking much bigger!!"
	Rick pulled Heathers hair  and made her arch her back further.  "Are you
going to cum for me?"
	"Oh fuck, Rick!!" Heather gasped.  "I'm going to cum!!"
	"That's it,' Rick said.  "Cum for me."
	"I'm cumming!!" She groaned almost painfully.  "You're big thick fucking
cock!!  I'm cumming!!!"
	"You're pussy's so hot!" Rick said as he pumped her harder.
	"JESUS your cock is beautiful!!!" she gasped.  "Fuck me!!  Fuck your best
friends wife.  Show her how a huge cock feels!!!  Stretch my little
pussy!!!
	"Yes," Rick grunted.  "That's a good girl."
	"Teach your best friends wife how to cum!!" Heather groaned.  "Just teach
her how to cum on your big cock!!"
	Rick grabbed Heathers hips and pounded her hard, pumping with every ounce
of energy he could.  "Show me you love my cock!" he grunted.
	"I'm still cumming!" Heather panted in surprise, "Good god, I'm still
cumming!!  My pussy's stuffed with your huge round cock!!!"
	"I'm going to cum!" Rick announced.
	"Cum on my pussy!" Heather squeeled.  "Cum on my pussy and make a mess!!"
	Pulling out quickly, Rick shot a thick stream of cum up the crack of
Heathers ass.  Heather's ass jerked forward as if hit with a hot iron and
Rick jerked his load between her spread legs sticking her blonde pubic
hairs together with thick globs of cum.  A thick glob ran from the crack of
her ass over her soaked pussy lips and onto the floor.
	"You like that?" Rick asked.
	Heather rubbed his cum all over her ass as she smiled, "Does it look
pretty?"
	"It looks beautiful."
	"mmmm," Heather moaned.  "It feels wonderful!!"
	Rick picked up her panties and helped her step into them.  "Don't wipe it
off," he told her as he pulled her panties up and covered her ass.  "Go out
and sit with your husband while you can still feel my cum on you."
	"Nasty boy," she teased as she started putting on her pantyhose.  "Do you
like thinking about me sitting with him with your slippery cum in my ass?"
	"Yes," Rick admitted. "Are you going to like thinking about my big cock
while you sit in it?"
	"Yes," Heather kissed him while she put her bra back together and got her
dress back on.
	"Come over tonight," Heather said.  "I'll leave the basement door unlocked
for you."
	"You want me to sneak in?"
	"Would you like to fuck your best freinds wife in the ass while he sleeps
upstairs like a baby?" Heather asked girlishly.
	"I'll be there about 10pm."

	

	When Rick arrived the basement door was unlocked as Heather said and
Heather was already downstairs waiting for him.
	"Guess what?" Heather said quite loudly.
	"Shouldn't you be whispering," Rick asked in a whisper.
	"Nope, " Heather smiled.  "I drugged Dan's wine.  He's out like a light. 
Come on upstairs and see."
	Rick nervously followed her upstairs to the bedroom where Dan was laying
asleep still in his clothes.
	"He can't hear a thing," Heather laughed.  "Watch. "
	Heather turned on the bedroom light and said loudly, "Oh honey, Rick is
here."
	Dan didn't move but only snored loudly.
	"Honey," Heather said.  "I think I'm going to suck Rick's cock right now,
ok?"
	Dan still didn't move but only snored.
	"Holy shit," Rick said amazed as Heather unbuckled his belt and then
worked at his jeans.  Pulling out his thick hard cock, Heather looked up
into his eyes as she sat on the edge of the bed.  "Are you going to like
watching me give you head in front of Dan?"
	"Ya," Rick laughed as she engulfed him.  "Hey Dan, your wife's sucking my
cock.  Wake up and watch this."
	Wetly Heather slurped and sucked as she jerked his shaft.  Slowly she
pulled his jeans down while she sucked.  Next Heather took her clothes off
while she continued to give Rick head.
	"Honey," Heather said at last.  "I'm going to get up on our bed and fuck
your best friend ok?  Can you move over so he can fuck me hard?"
	Laying on her back, Heather pushed her husbands legs out of the way so
that she could spread her legs.  Bending her knees she stabbed her hand
between her legs and messaged her clit.
	"Now come on up here and stuff that big cock into your best friends wife's
pussy!!" Heather told Rick.
	Rick took off his shirt and got up on the bed.  "I'm going to fuck you so
hard!" he growled.
	"Are you going to make me cum again?" Heather asked as Rick laid on top of
her and grabbed his cock.  Carefully he pushed her pussy lips apart with
his cock head.
	"I'm going to make you cum till you can't remember your name." he told
her.
	Slowly Rick eased his cock into Heathers tight pussy.
	"OH CHRIST HONEY!!!!!!"  Heather screamed.  "My pussy's being stretched by
Ricks huge cock!!!  Wake up and watch him fuck me!!!"
	Plunging himself all the way in, Heather raised her knees to her chest to
let him get in further.
	"Oh my fucking God!!"she screamed. "Look honey!  I've got a big hard cock
in my pussy.  Look at how much bigger his cock is then yours.  Do you think
he can make me cum??"
	Quickly Rick pounded hard into Heather bouncing the bed hard enough he
thought it would wake Dan.
	"JE...SUS..!!!  JE...SUS!!! Heather bounced under Rick.  Heather could
feel Ricks big balls slapping her ass as he fucked her harder and harder.
	"That's it!!!" Heather screamed as she reached over her head and grabbed
the headboard.  "I'm going to cum!!!!"
	"Come on you slut!" Rick barked.  "Cum!!!"
	"OH my god, Dan!!!!" Heather screamed.  "I'm cumming!!!!  I'll never cum
like this for you!!!  Only a really big cock can do this baby!!!  Only a
really really big cock can make me cum like a slut!!!"
	Rick could hear the wet sound of Heathers cum slurping into a froth inside
her as he fucked her hard against the bed.
	Heather crawled around beneather Rick trying to get up,   "Watch honey!! 
Rick's going to fuck me like a doggie!!  You know how you like to fuck me
like a doggie!!  Watch him fuck my pussy Dan.  Goddamn it!!!!"
	Getting up on her hands and knees on the bed, Heather shoved her ass up in
the air and grabbed the headboard.
	"Pound my pussy!!!" Hether commanded.   "I'm a whore, Rick.  Pound my
pussy for your best friend!!!"
	Rick eagerly shoved his cock inside her hard, plunging himself to the
balls.
	"Fuck his wife!!!!" she screamed hystarically.   "Fuck your best friends
wife.  Drive your cock up her cunt!!!"
	Rick could tell Heather was not aware of what she was doing.  She was as
if in a frensy, thrashing her head back and forth and screaming at the top
of he lungs.
	"I'm going to cum!!!!" Heather screamed.  "I'm going to cum, cum, cum!!!!!
 Look at this huge cock inside me!!!"
	Heather was slamming her ass into Rick as he pounded her aggressively.
	"Here Rick's muscular theighs slamming into my ass??" she yelled.  "Here
his balls slapping my pussy??  Can you hear it Dan???"
	Heather grabbed the head board and growled like dog,   "I'm cumming!!!!"
she snapped.  "I'm cumming again!!!  Make me cum!!! Oh god make me
cum!!!!!"
	Rick could take it no longer.  Forcefully he pushed his cock into Heather,
grabbing her hips and shot his own hot cum inside her.
	"FUCK!!!!!" Heather screamed.  "He's cumming in me!!!  His cock is so big
and beautiful!!!!  Do you see him cumming in your wifes pussy?? Watch him
cum in my pussy."
	Heathers ass jerked up and down involentarily as her pussy contracted
around Ricks huge shaft.  When he had spent the last of his load he pulled
out of her and fell back on the bed.
	"That was incredible," he said.
	Heather sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed her milk filled breasts as
she stared at Ricks thick cock laying against his stomach.
	"Are you too tired to play anymore," she asked as she pinched her nipples
and twisted them.
	"Heather," he said as he sat up and kissed her swollen breasts.  "I'm
never too tired for you.  You're so fucking incredible."
	Taking a tit into his mouth he sucked until he was getting her warm milk
again.
	"Good," Heather said as she got off the bed and went to the closet.  "I'm
feeling nasty."
	"No shit!" Rick said as he turned around on the bed and lay on his back,
head on the pillow.
	"No," Heather said as she pulled out her wedding dress and began putting
it on.  "you have no idea.  I mean nasty!"
	Rick smiled amuzed as she fixed her hair in the mirror and finished
getting into the dress.  Slowly Heather crawled up on the bed on top of
Rick and pulled her dress up so that her naked pussy could rub against his
cock.  Softly Heather slid her pussy up and down Rick's cock as she held
her dress gathered in her hands between her legs.











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....