Archive-name: 3plus/biexp1.txt
Archive-author: Super Tech
Archive-title: My Bisexual Experiences, Number 1


This text file contains a description of my first bisexual
experience which has been expanded from the text of a message I
wrote on THE DUNGEON.

One of my first bisexual experiences involved a quad, which
consists of two couples having sex with each other.  I was on a
double date and both couples were really plastered from the two
days of partying after graduation.  For anonymity my date's name
was Julie, and the other couple were Tom and Harriet.

We were parked on an old dirt road in the middle of the night
near a very shallow creek.  Julie and I were in the back seat
making love while Tom and Harriet were in the front seat doing
the same.  Being in the middle of the summer it was getting VERY
warm in the car.  It was so warm that fog was clouding the
windows and everyone was sweating profusely.  I suggested to
Julie that we go out into the woods and continue our love
making, and Tom and Harriet decided to follow.

The rub was that there was only one blanket.  We were all too
hot and horny to argue over who got the blanket, so we decided
to share it.  Julie and Harriet were a bit embarrassed to do
this at first but Tom and I both seduced the horny gals right
down on the waiting blanket.

Making love to a woman in the cool night air with a pair of
bodies next to us doing the same was very exciting to me.  In
order to enjoy the experience to the fullest I arranged Julie in
one of my favorite love making positions, where she is on top.
I did this by pulling my cock out of her and kissing her mouth
passionately, rolling her on top, arranging her torso to my
right while lovingly sucking her breast, and gently pulling her
right thigh over my left hip.  Next I nudged her left leg
between my own.  We were in the right position for me to enter
her comfortably.  I cupped her soft bottom cheeks in my hands
and gently moved her hips back and forth while eagerly biting
her breasts.  Her soft blonde hair brushed my cheeks while she
gently ran her toungue across my face from my ears to my eye
sockets.

As we were ready to come she buried her face in my neck.  This
gave me a chance to look at the couple making love next to us.
Their sweaty bodies glistened in the moonlight while they were
moving in a rhythmic pattern, and that was a beautiful sight.
Julie's sighs and moans prompted Tom to look at us momentarily,
and the passion in his dark green eyes caused an uneasy thrill
to go through my body!  Soon we all came, not all together,
which allowed everyone to enjoy the sounds of each climax.  That
was one of the most fulfilling experiences I have ever had!

After about a half hour's rest we decided to form a tryst.  I
sat back and watched my friend have all kinds of fun with the
two girls, while I was downing a beer.  The two girls were
having a lot of fun with my friend.  The night woodsy air coming
in off the lake does that to people sometimes.  While Harriet
was sucking hard at Tom's cock Julie was letting Tom suck at her
small firm breasts and shoving his fingers into her dark wet
pussy.  Julie was getting so turned on by this she started
playing with Tom's balls.  This interfered with Harriets actions
a bit, but Harriet simply placed her hand on Julie's and carried
on with her work.

When Harriet began licking Tom's cock up and down an observer
could easily tell that she definitely wanted to get her tongue
on his balls!  Harriet gently placed Julie's hand on the back of
her head and went to lick his balls.  In the meantime Julies
irises were getting quite large and her pale skin began blushing
from her face to the bottom of her rib cage.  Experience tells
me that this indicates she is ready and willing to do anything
for pleasure!  Julie gently stroked Harriet's soft red hair, and
gently stroked her fingertips down the other girl's neck and
back.  In the meantime Harriet was moaning while she gently
licked Tom's cock until the semen began to ooze out of the one
eye on his cock.  My own cock was rigid and hurting in the
pleasure I was witnessing.  When Tom came, his semen shot at
least a foot in the air, dowsing Harriet's hair and face, while
splashing on Julie's arm and breasts.  Tom then prematurely
removed his hands from Julie's throbbing cunt, and got up to go
to the creek to wash himself.

Not quite satisfied Harriet and Julie began to play with
themselves.  Harriet was shoving three fingers in her red haired
flower and licking Tom's cum from her own hand.  Julie was
shoving three fingers in her own love patch while still stroking
Harriet's soft back.  Harriet looked into Julie's eyes and
guided her right hand to her breast.  Julie began to twist
Harriet's nipples with her fingers.  After Harriet sopped up
Tom's cum from her own body she began to lovingly lick at what
Julie had on her arm.  Harriet then moved towards the cum that
had splashed on Julie's breast which made Julie swoon wildly.
Harriet was actually sucking Julie's breasts!  Harriet then
embraced Julie with her left arm and pulled her next to her with
the other.  She then moved Julie's hand away from her own snatch
and began to suck Julie's tits while thumbing the other girl's
clit!  Julie moaned so loudly that I was afraid that someone
would call the cops on us!  When Julie finally came she grabbed
Harriet by the hair and humped the other girl's hand!  After she
finished she clamped her hungry mouth on Harriet's tits.
Sucking her nipples she pulled Harriet's leg over her and
inserted her fingers into Harriet doggy style.  She then pulled
Harriet on top of her, sucked her nipples, and finger fucked her
doggy style the way I love to do Julie!  Harriet soon came, and
the girls calmed down by sucking each other's honey covered fingers.

When Tom came back he commented on how hard I had become.  The
girls looked and me, laughed, and jumped over to relieve me the
best they could.  They got between my legs and both girls sucked my
cock at the same time!  Somehow they were able to get the head
of my cock between their clamped lips, and teased my cock as
they sucked each others tongues.  I could feel the rush of blood
in my ears as Tom got in the act and started to stroke his own
cock while he stood at my side.  The sight must have excited
him, because soon I came, while Tom shot his wad all over the
three of us!  We fell together laughing and hugging each other.

We sat around and shared a few joints wondering what to do next.
Julie decided it was time to get laid by two guys.  She laid on
top of me and my friend laid on top of her.  Once we got
comfortable she was getting it in two places, front and back.
Soon Harriet squatted above my face for a bit of oral
stimulation.  It made sense to me at the time because I was the
only one laying on his back.

After a few minutes Julie complained that Tom's cock her ass.
The girl above my face wanted it in her ass, so my friend
switched.  He got behind her and began to shove his cock in her
butt while I was underneath tonguing her pussy.

Now all this time I'm getting a mouthful.  Not until my friend
goes for her backside does it occur to me that I've not only
tasted her juices, but a combination of mine and my friends.
Now I'm not a stranger to this because plenty of times I've
enjoyed a bit of 69 with Julie after we've made love.  For some
strange reason this turned me on so much that my member was
getting a bit too large for Julie to handle.  Normally I don't
have a large enough cock to brag about, but when a man REALLY
gets turned on, it does get quite larger than normal.
 
Now while Tom fucked Harriet's rear, and I was eating her pussy,
his cock kept slipping down to my face and bumping my nose and
forehead.  Pretty soon he slipped it down to her G spot which
was right above my nose.  His jism began to leak down into
Harriet's pussy lips which gave it a strange salty taste.  I
began breathing hard and wondering what that hot thing would
taste like.  I reached up and began to pinch Harriet's tits and
tilted my head back and let Tom's cock brush my lips.  It wasn't
as bad as I thought so I began licking the bottom of the head!
Harriet began moaning wildly for Tom to put it back in her ass,
and he told her to wait because he was getting a good head job
from Julie!

This made me smile, because evidently he had no idea I was the
one sucking his cock head.  It was hot and juicy, different than
pussy juice, but almost as wonderful.  I felt too naughty and
aroused to tell him any different, and began to let it slide
past my teeth towards the back of my throat.  Tom began to
thrust his throbbing cock further into my mouth which brought a
strange and exciting sensation to the back of my throat.  If
Harriet wasn't blocking his view what would he say?  I ate his
cock eagerly and enjoyed the wild sensation of his velvety
scrotum brush against my forehead.  Julie had her orgasm and
moved off to rest, while Harriet who was no longer getting any
attention climbed out from between us.  Tom was still on his
knees above me thrusting his cock in and out of my mouth.  I
heard the girls giggle and then let out a "yummmm...", which
meant that they discovered what I was doing!  Evidently Tom
heard this and noticed it was actually ME doing the sucking!  He
told me that I gave head as good or better than any girl, and
begged me not to stop!  I then pulled his cock out of my mouth
long enough to tell him to lay down, that my neck was getting
sore from having to hold it back.

Climbing between his legs I was quite a bit more comfortable.
His musky odor aroused me and soon I was stroking his cock and
balls.  This was a strange, new and wonderful experience for me
and I intended to enjoy it as much as possible!  The girls were
getting aroused at the site as they snuggled each other,
fondling each other's breasts and pussys.  As I slid his hot
member into my mouth again he admitted that at first he thought
it was one of the girls giving him the head job, and got even
more aroused when he found it was me!  Julie commented slyly
that she found it's easier to please a member of the same sex
because she knows what pleases herself will also please Harriet.
 I slid Tom's cock to the back of my throat, took her advice,
and began to gently and slowly slide my tongue across the length
of his rod in my mouth.  He moaned and asked if he could play
with my cock.  Without a word I moved wround so that he could
get a good reach.  I moved my mouth up and down over his rod as
he cupped my balls with one hand, and stroked the length of mine
with the other hand.  I cupped his balls in my hand and gently
kneaded them like dough.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I was
enjoying this as much as he!

One of the girls suggested that he suck mine since I was doing
such a good job on him.  He balked at the idea until Harriet
dared him to try it.  Not to be outdone he warily began kissing
the bottom of my shaft.  The more he kissed at my soft skin
tightly bound around the rock hard core the more he lingered.
Evidently he was enjoying it because he slowly licked and kissed
towards the head!  I was sucking hard on him by now, running my
tongue around the ridge of his cockhead and gently prying his
hole apart with my tongue.  He began to move his hips and in one
motion, slid my cock right down to his throat!  This made me
suck him all the harder which made him start to moan loudly!
His moans made his throat and tongue vibrate my cockhead, so I
began to moan, moaning especially loud and hard when I made his
cockhead touch the rearmost part of my throat!  I grabbed his
ass and pinched it, alternately sucking his balls and cock.  He
was getting me to the peak, and I quickly shoved his cock down
my throat and tried my best to squeeze his head with my throat
muscles!  Soon his hot jism shot in my mouth, the hot stream
splashing out of my lips and all over his stomache!  My balls
released their load and he was able to swallow every drop!  We
must have came for a long time, because after we finished both
of us were too sore to get up.

In the meantime the girls were giving each other head.  Harriet
was on top of Julie with her mouth clamped on her muff, with
Julie spreading Harriet's cunt lips with her fingers and wildy
running her tongue across her hole.  Soon the two girls tensed
up, and wildy sucking each other's pussy, moaned loudly as they
came together.  They gently licked each other's mound and
stomache while they rested.  It was so beautiful I was hard
again!

The girls smiled at us, walked over with their beautiful sweat
drenched bodies sparkling in the moonlight and gave us both the
best fucking yet!  The sight of our bisexual loving, as well as
their own experiences, had gotten them hotter than fire!  Our
last fuck of the night was so long, hard and good that it made
all four of us sleep naked by the creek until 2pm the next
afternoon!

We enjoyed ourselves so much that night we could hardly wait for
the four of us to get together again.  That was the first time
that any of us had such experiences, and it certainly was not
going to be the last!

--
