			   BOFFING MOM                           
			   (By Eros)



    It was late afternoon. Mom was on the back porch with a
romance novel in front of her face. It wasn't clear whether she
was actually reading it or just day-dreaming behind it. In
either case, I was feeling extremely horny and my gorgeous
mother was looking decidedly fuckable. I didn't see any reason
to hang back from acting on impulse. So I came up to her chair
and cupped her underneath her big, firm breasts. As I massaged
those fine, full titties in both hands, I asked her where Daddy
was.

    "Mmmmmmmm, who knows? Working late again, probably," Mom
replied pressing my hands over her tits with her own.

    "Great!"

    I bent down and kissed her hard on the lips. My tongue
slithered into her warm, wet mouth, which tasted vaguely of
sweet wine. She kissed me back with a passion that wasn't
entirely unexpected.

    "Think we have time for a quick one, Mom?", I asked tweaking
her erect nipples between thumb and forefinger.

    "Hell, I sure hope so," grinned Mom. "You've got me hot now,
honey. You better finish what you started.

    Don't be shocked. I'm not the only son screwing his sexy mom
these days. Where the hell do you think they got the term
"mother-fucker" from, anyway? Almost a year has passed since
that delightful afternoon when I discovered that a middle-aged
woman has the experience and the desire to show a young man
around the bed in ways that a younger girl could never dream of.
The fact that the middle-aged woman in question was my own
mother certainly didn't bother me if it didn't bother her.

    We stripped each other quickly and passionately, dropping
our clothes where we stood on the back porch. I wanted to move
inside, into the bedroom like we always did, but Mom was so hot
that she squatted in front of me right there and grabbed my
asscheeks with both hands, pulling my cock toward her open mouth.

    As always, I whimpered a little as her talented lips
enclosed themselves about the swollen head of my prick. How
could a woman be so good at what she did?  I know, I know. My
mother always says that the answer to that question is practice,
practice. practice,but I sincerely believe that most of my
giggling teenage girlfriends could practice for a million years
without getting as good at sucking cocks as my Mom is.

    Every time I'm with my mother, I thank my lucky stars that
I'm the right age to enjoy her as a young man. Her mouth action
is so good that you can't help but shoot between her lips,
flooding her taste buds with your ripe spunk. And Mom is the
kind of girl who would insist on drinking your jizz even if you
were trying to avoid squirting in her mouth. So it never did any
good for me to tell her that I wanted to save it for her pussy.
Fortunately, my youthful body still has enough rebound to get
hard again within minutes of enjoying one of Mom's monster
suck-offs.

    It wasn't long before I was filling Mom's mouth with my
first load of jizz. Being the first, it was almost too much for
her to handle. But, as always, she managed... gulping and
swallowing madly as my thick, creamy sperm squirted down her
pretty throat.

    Her mouth was still working up and down when I gently took
her by the hand and pushed her back into the house. I squeezed
her firm, naked little ass and ran my fingers up between her
legs from behind, giving her juicy, wet pussy a little feel up
as we headed for the bedroom. I could feel my cock returning to
its former hardness with every step I took. By the time that we
reached the bedroom that my mother shared with my father, I was
ridiculously hard again, so hard that you'd think it was a
wonder my nuts didn't explode in her face.

    "Fuck me, Mom," I begged as I spread myself across the
mattress. "Sit on my cock, and ride me!"

    "You got it, son," said Mom, straddling my thighs.

    She lowered herself down on top of me real, real slow. The
sexy bitch! I should have known. Mom always has that tiny bit of
self control that she brings into play at just the right moment.
It seemed to take forever for her soft, warm pussy to completely
envelop my pulsating prick. The sensations of being engulfed,
swallowed, and totally devoured were so obscenely delicious, I
was groaning long before she'd stuffed half of me inside her
hot, hairy twat.

    "Ride me," I encouraged her. "Ride me hard."

    Trust me, she did. Harder than any cowgirl. Rougher than any
rodeo star. My cock was a wild bronco that lived to be broken by
her insatiable animal needs. The more I thrust into her, the
more Mom humped back. Then, when she came in shrieks and throbs,
I came too, my jerking, twitching cock shooting jet after
scalding jet of thick creamy cum deep up inside my mother's
heaving belly.

    We spent the rest of the afternoon fucking and sucking and
resting... then fucking and sucking some more, until we were
both totally exhausted.

    Some people say that fucking your Mom is wrong. Those people
obviously don't have a mom as sexy and as horny as mine!

						The End.

