BILLY MEETS HIS MASTER --  PART 2.

By Frank Albertson

A story written for Master G on Doug's Den, Boston, Mass.
******************************************************************************

     Master G could barely contain his excitement at the juicy fly he had
snared in his web.  This kid looking at him with the frightened eyes, trussed
up stark naked in front of him, was straight out of his fantasy world.  He
walked to the side for a moment out of the kid's vision and shed the vest and
chaps, leaving just the body harness and a leather pouch over his bulging cock
and balls.  He turned a knob slightly increasing the light level, and stepped
back into view.

     Master G walked straight up to Billy, grabbed his right tit firmly
between thumb and index finger, and squeezed hard with the nails.  A
high-pitched moan escaped Billy's throat but was cut off immediately by a fast
hard slap across the face.  Now Master G's free hand went to Billy's left ball
and caught this sensitive orb between thumb and forefinger, and began to
press.  As the boymuscles tensed Master G pressed harder, letting the pain
build.  "So you think you can take it", Master G said as Billy's breath grew
short and sweat beaded on his forehead, and he punctuated his statement with a
sudden sharp extra squeeze to Billy's trapped testicle.  Billy let out a
scream and began to plead, "Please, sir, I've never done this before!"

     Master G stared directly into Billy's eyes with a cold glare that
penetrated straight to his soul.  "You've done it 1000 times in your dreams.
Now shut up or I'll stuff a giant ball between those pearly teeth and tie it
in. Besides, what's this?"  Master G had grabbed Billy's pulsing, straining
cock and was feeling it up.  "Looks like you have a real appreciation where it
counts," he sneered, pressing the shaft as hard as he could between thumb and
forefinger right below the head."  Billy jumped back, only hurting himself
more, and another little shriek escaped his lips.

     "A little JUMPY tonight, my little jock-meat?"  Master G stepped back to
look over his prey.  "I think we're going to have to control those shrieks of
yours.  We can't have you waking up the neighborhood!"  With that he came up
to Billy, and with one hand firmly pinched his nostrils together.  When the
mouth popped open he deftly probed the inside with index and middle finger,
pushing down the tongue and testing the gag reflex.  It was all Billy could do
to keep from vomiting.  Master G was now stuffing a large ball-gag into his
mouth, and tying the ties firmly behind his neck.  "There," he said, "that
should keep the noise level down in here!"

     Master G's hands now began to rove over Billy's body.  The hands were
rough, but the touch was light, sending chills up and down Billy's spine.
Billy's cock jumped as this tough leather stud gently stroked the sensitive
skin on the back of his thighs.  The touch became even lighter, and Billy
realized that the fingers had been replaced by a soft feather, which was now
tickling the underside of his ball-sac.  Up and down the underside of his
shaft it went, causing him to writhe in ecstasy.  Then suddenly he jumped.
Master G had replaced the soft caressing tease of the feather with the bite of
a riding crop, snapping the underside of his cock right below the head -- the
most sensitive spot on his body!  Again and again the blows rained down on
Billy's cock and balls as he jerked and struggled against his restraints.  Now
Master G stopped the rain of blows to Billy's genitals and took Billy's stiff
member in his left hand, while beginning to whip the backs of Billy's thighs
with his right.  This mixture of pain and stimulation continued for some time
when suddenly Billy's whole body went rigid and Master G sensed he was on the
verge of releasing the full week's built up load.  At that precise moment
Master G stopped, leaving the rigid member swinging in the air.

     "I guess we'll have to leave that alone for awhile, if we don't want a
mess.  Hmmm, I wonder what other amusements we should try?"  Billy shuddered
at the thought, as Master G approached him with something new in his hand.  It
was a clamp with 3 sharp-looking prongs.  Master G placed it on Billy's left
tit, and the pain began immediately, only to become stronger as Master G
tightened the little monster.  Billy felt little drops of blood oozing from
where the three prongs were digging into his sensitive flesh.  Master G
snapped his index finger against the clamp lightly 2 or 3 times to test the
reaction -- Billy tensed frantically with each assault.  And now the big
leatherman was doing the same thing to his right tit.  The pain was intense,
but grew more so as the ends of a fairly heavy chain were attached attached to
each clamp.  There was a hook in the middle of the chain, and from this Master
G swung a lead weight.  He now gave Billy's balls a quick, hard slap, and when
he jumped back in reaction, the weight bounced on the chain sending a
firestorm of pain through his sensitive nipples.  His tormentor grinned from
ear to ear, and played his little game again, and again.  Billy tried his best
to remain still, but the shots of pain from his balls were too much for him,
and he was buffeted back and forth, from pain to pain.

     After a final painful slap to his balls, Billy felt a new sensation
coming from that most delicate area.  Something stiff was being rapped around
his ball sac, pushing and squeezing his nuts down painfully away from his
body.  He felt the ball stretcher being tightly laced, and now a new horror
was added.  Master G swung the heavy-looking lead ball with the hook on it in
front of Billy's frightened eyes, and then proceeded to attach it to the ball
stretcher.  The effect was immediate, sending a web of pain from his trapped
balls up through his abdomen.  But as the ball swung, Billy's cock continued
to jerk in the air, hard and dripping.

     "I see you're hungry for more," the master chided, and was only too happy
to oblige.  He began whipping the boy's back in earnest with a medium weight
whip.  The young body jerked and heaved, as the pain of each stroke to his
back reverberated in his tits and balls as the weights swung.  After 20
strokes, Billy's eyes were glazed, and the life had gone out of his jumping.
The experienced leatherman stopped the action, and began rubbing a salve into
Billy's back, which at once cooled and stung.  He did not release the weights,
however, and with his other hand he renewed his stroking tease of Billy's
cock. It didn't take long for Billy to regain his edge.  Within no time he was
again ready to shoot, and the stroking stopped.

"Let's see how strong those leg muscles are!"   Master G was approaching Billy
with a rod about two-thirds the length of his legs, with a hook/clamp on each
end.  He hooked one end to Billy's ball-stretcher, made Billy stoop, and
hooked the other end to a bolt in the floor.  The effect was immediate.
Billy's legs were bent at the most strainable angle.  If he tried to relieve
the pressure by either straightening up or squatting lower, the rod yanked his
trapped balls causing unbearable pain.  Yet the cramping in his legs
insistently demanded relief, and his leg muscles shook and trembled.  Every
frantic effort to find comfort only brought more torment.  "My best slave is
able to hold this position for 40 minutes," Master G commented.  "Let's see
how well you can do!" And with that, he began to take sport with the suffering
boy by snapping an index finger hard against his trapped balls and the
underside of his cock, making it still harder for him to maintain his fragile
equilibrium.  After 12 minutes, Billy's legs were cramping so badly that
Master G had to release his balls from the rod.

     Billy's arms were now lowered and his ankles released, and he was led to
a large vertical-X cross, to which he was attached spread-eagle.  The wood of
the cross was very rough, full of spike-like splinters sticking out, making
Billy's skin uncomfortable.  It felt like there were actually little spikes
sticking out of the wood, and maybe there were..  Master G now approached
Billy with a bottle of baby oil in one hand.  He poured the lubricant into his
right palm, and began to give the head of Billy's rampant cock a work-over.
As the oiled palm worked back and forth over the sensitive membrane, Billy
jerked in uncontrollable spasms, driving the splinters and spikes into his
back.  Master G was getting more and more excited.  This was one of his
favorite tricks to play on a young buck, and he knew he could make it go on
for as long as he wanted.  He released the snaps to the pouch entrapping his
own massive organ, and it sprung free, rough and ready, the tip well
lubricated from the excitement that had gone on before.  He continued to make
Billy jump and jerk, getting hotter and hotter.

     Finally he could take no more.  He took the hot young boy-flesh down from
the X-cross and chained him over a rough saw-horse.  He yanked the butt-plug
from his ass (he had worn it dutifully for the full week) rolled a condum over
his raging 10 inches, lubed up a little, and shoved it home.  In and out of
that virgin ass he plowed.  He reached around, released the clamps from the
tortured tits, and grabbed on to them like handlebars.  The groans coming from
behind the ball-gag let him know that a week's pent-up boy-jism was on the
edge of erupting.  He drove harder and harder, and at last his leg muscles
went completely stiff as he was racked by the blinding, searing explosion.  At
the same moment he felt the young swimmer's body go rigid as that boy-cock
shot stream after stream of heavy juice completely unassisted.  The light-show
continued in his brain as the spasms began to slow and he panted hoarsely.  He
collapsed on the boy's back, and lay there with his now-softening heavy member
buried deep in the boy's hole.  After quite a while, he pulled out.

     He released the kid's wrists and ankles, and led him by the cock over to
a leather couch on the other side of the room.  "Well, I guess you like this
sort of thing," he said.  Billy nodded a yes, and Master G bent over and
released the ball harness.  "Thank you, sir" were the first words that rushed
out of his strained mouth.  "Well, you ain't seen nothing' yet, kid.  This
little taste today was just an appetizer, to get your mouth wet.  But from
your response, I'd say you were badly in need of some regular training.  Shall
we say the same time next week?"

     "Yes, SIR," Billy responded without hesitation.  His cock was already
beginning to get hard again, and it remained that way for the entire ride back
to the city, and the entire train ride home.

      **NOTE
        FRANK IS A HOT WRITER OF S/M, ON DOUG'S DEN IN BOSTON
        HE IS A GREAT BOTTOM AND, I THANK HIM FOR THE STORY..MASTER G.


*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
            ***		Another file downloaded from the Antares Dawn BBS.
	  *******\|/	Eugene, Oregons new G/L/B Board
	 *********O-
	 *********|\	(503)-342-5515	300, 1200, 2400
	  *******	v.42, v.42bis, and MNP-5
	    ***
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
