Archive-name: Amazon/bet.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Wanna Bet?


	As she walked into the store I could tell she was in 
great shape. She wore a halter top & shorts of a bright orange color, 
which really set off her fantastic tan. As she approached me I watched 
as her thighs would constrict and relax, constrict and relax with each 
step. I guess I gawked because she smiled at me and the look in her 
eyes was a taunting one.

 " Where do you keep the blank cassettes ? ". " Right this way ". As I 
started to show her where they were she said, " oh, stay there I'll 
find them myself ". As she walked away I had the feeling she wanted me 
to watch her from the rear. What a sight !! The ripple of muscle in her 
buttox was fantastic; but, the bunching of her calves,  which were 
accented by her high heels, was truly awesome. She got her tapes, came 
up to the counter and looked around to see if anyone else was in the 
store. We were alone.

	" Are you a betting man ?" she asked coyily. " Well, 
sometimes, why, ? ", I replied. " I'll tell you what. I'll bet I can 
beat you in arm wrestling and even make you beg me to take these tapes 
for free. Wanna bet ? "  I was speechless ! I finally said, " You do 
look powerful in the legs, but no female can beat a male in upper body 
strength ". Her reply was not what I expected, " So let's do it - if 
you're so confident what's to lose ? " That made sense to me, so we 
locked hands and I counted to three. Then I gave it my all but nothing 
happened. Her arm did not budge. She smiled & winked at me. " Come on 
big man you can do better than that.  Give it some muscle. Here, watch 
right here. " She pointed to her arm & I almost panicked as I watched 
it grow and grow and my arm went down, down, down very slowly.

	When she had it almost on the counter she began to use 
her powerful forearms to squeeze my hand. Now I did panic. I tried to 
pull my hand away; but, she held tight and gave it a short, solid burst 
of power. " Now, now stay right where you are, little man. I'm only 
using about 1/4 of my strength; so, I feel sure I could crush your 
hand. You can ease the pain by starting to beg me to take these tapes 
for free. " Before I could begin to talk she added a little pressure to 
emphasize the point. I cried out, " Please, please take the tapes at no 
charge. Let me go; you're breaking my hand. " " Now we're getting 
somewhere. What else can I have ? "  There was a twinkle in her eyes I 
could see through the tears in my own eyes as I said, " Anything you 
want, within reason ". Again, the power. " What's within reason ? How 
much do you think your hand is worth ? "  Again more power & I could 
actually feel my bones begin to give. As her forearms bulged & the 
tears of pain were dripping down my face I said, " Anything in the 
store; anything. Please let me go. "

	Finally the pressure stopped. " I'm not going to take 
anything, because that's stealing. I wanted to see if you'd let me. I'm 
pretty strong, huh ? Go lock the door and I'll show you what these legs 
can do to you. "  I didn't argue with her. I was afraid if I protested 
she'd show me anyway and someone would walk in while she had me 
helpless.


 	After locking the door I walked back toward her. " We can 
do this one of two ways. Either we wrestle out here and I'll put you in 
the holds or we can go back in the store room & you can let me put you 
in the holds I want. Either way little one YOU ARE MINE. Which way do 
you want it ? "  I said, " I guess the store room - I don't really want 
people looking in because I might get in trouble for locking the doors. 
And I don't want people seeing me getting beaten ".

	So, we walked back to the store room. She was in front 
and walked so that her muscles bulged with each step. When we got back 
to the store room she effortlessly picked up a 150 lb. stereo like it 
was a box of air to move it out of the way. My Lord what power - the 
muscles in her arms & legs bulged ominously, but she seemed to hardly 
straining at all. With the box moved she began her show. She sat down 
and had me sit with my back to her - then she placed her legs around my 
waist.  " Are you ready ? You know it takes a lot of strength to really 
work an effective body scissors. Put your hands here on my thighs and 
feel my muscles. "  Slowly she began to put on the pressure. I felt the 
cords of muscle harden; and in almost no time I could feel the inner 
thigh muscles pressing on my ribs. The pain was intense and I began to 
beg for mercy. I pounded on those rock like pilars of power. She just 
laughed and began to squeeze & let up, squeeze & let up. " Now, what do 
you think macho man ? You think this hurts, watch what happens next. " 
With that the pressure from my waist was gone; but, before I could 
react my head was caught between those massive thighs. " This is my 
head scissors. Notice it's not a neck scissors, but really a head 
scissors. Let's see how tough your skull is. "  As she once again 
slowly increased the pressure I groped at her legs. The muscles were 
solid and were growing to huge proportions. My head pounded & my ears 
were ringing. I felt as if she could crack my skull. I could not hear 
any longer and I began to feel very light headed. Before I lost 
consciousness she let up and removed her legs from my head.

	" Let's take a short break, because this next hold is my 
favorite and the last one. I'm going to put you to sleep with it. You 
know, like knock you out cold. While you "rest" I'll let you enjoy some 
muscle poses. I want you rested so that you'll last a little while. " 
She squatted down in front of me, placed her hand on my chin, lifted my 
head up and flexed the most powerful looking bicep I've ever seen. " Go 
ahead, feel it. Does it make you feel weak ? I'll bet yours is smaller 
and softer. Flex and we'll compare muscles."  I did and she was right. 
" Gosh, it is small and feels like mush compared to mine. Ok, feel 
these thighs."  She placed her legs up to my head and flexed. Then she 
raised up on her toes & flexed her calves. It took both hands to go 
around her legs even most of the way.

     " Ok, ready ? "  She bent down and forced my head between those massive 
legs. As she stood up she began to squeeze with her thighs. Then up on 
the toes again. My neck was hurting so badly that I could not even 
think clearly. " Wow, isn't this fun ?  But, I've got to go so we'll 
have to cut this short. Good night little man ! Oh, I'll stay until you 
come to again. " I started to protest, but up on the toes she went and 
the pounding in my head began again and I started seeing stars. Then 
darkness !!
 
	When I came to she was standing over my prostrate body. 
She raised up on her toes and flexed her legs, then her arms. " And the 
winner again, Linda legs. Want anymore ? "  I shook my head NO !! " Ok, 
maybe we can do this again real soon. Linda's my name - and destruction 
of male's my game. I'm 19 years old; measurements of 39D - 26 - 36. My 
biceps are 16 " flexed, and my legs are 24 " thighs and 15 " calves. 
You never stood a chance against me, but it was fun to completely 
destroy you. I'll come back again soon; and I'll bring some friends to 
watch. See ya ! "  She left then and I keep expecting her to return any 
day. I can say one thing -watch out when a female says " Wanna bet ?"
WANNA_BET_?

--
