Archive-name: Family/brothrly.txt
Archive-author: Sexy Brunette
Archive-title: Brotherly Love


     The only things I think are immoral are those which involve illicit
force, things like rape or child abuse.  That aside, I say go for it, though
naturally enough I go only for those things that I myself enjoy.  Simple
disease prevention demands some caution as to number and type of sexual
partners, so I am very wary now of whom I actually fuck.  Were it not for that
I would be fucking on a royal scale.  Happily, my husband gives me all the
cock I need, so all I'm giving up is the thrill of fucking strangers.  Those
people I can flash.  For them I will strip and masturbate.  Sometimes I will
blow them.

     Again, it's not that I won't fuck anybody, it's just that I now like to
be careful.  In particular, I like it if the person I'm fucking is normally a
forbidden target, or for the situation to be forbidden.  This means that some
relatives, well to be honest many relatives, have seen me naked.  Some fewer
have seen me masturbate; fewer still I have blown; and some smaller number I
have actually fucked.  For both brothers-in-law I have stripped and
masturbated and finally blown them, after literally years of teasing them with
accidental exposure.  My brothers deserved special treatment.  Besides my
older brother who I mentioned in an earlier story I also have a younger
brother who is now 20 and who frankly is something of a hunk.  For him, as he
was growing up, I would gently tease.  Dropping towels in the hallway, things
like that, but nothing really strong.  I am almost 9 years older than him.  At
least nothing too strong until about three years ago.  At that time I was
dancing strip-o-grams and was just coming to realize the true extent of my
exhibitionistic tendencies.  Also it was also at about that time that my
husband and I began to explore our sexual interests more extensively.  Finally
I got around to telling him the story of me and my older brother and he was so
turned on by the idea that he urged me to seduce my younger brother.  We
thought about it and planned it for awhile.  Finally, I did it.

     The way we did it was that my husband hid outside near a window where he
could see in if the light were left on.  The house was set up in such a way
that he could have been undetected out there all night.  When my brother came
to the house I told him that I was alone for the evening and he and I went out
to the movies and then to a bar.  When we were walking back I started telling
him about my job stripping and he was interested enough that I asked if he
would like to see my act.  He was very nervous but agreed anyway, so when we
got to the house I set him up in the rec room, went to get changed and alerted
my husband that all systems were go.  I put on the music and started my act
while my brother sat fascinated.  Now the whole stripping act would take about
20 minutes and for about 10 of those minutes I would be reasonably modestly
dressed -- a long cape, slinky black dress and gloves.  As I got out of those
my brother started changing color.  Soon I was down to a g-string and fringe
top, which didn't cover much and accented what it did cover.  All the while I
was talking to him: how do you like this, is this a good move and so on.  Then
the top came off, quite suddenly and provocatively for his first ever extended
look at my breasts.  I continued dancing around in just the little g-string,
but putting on the whole act -- moving up close to him, touching my breasts
sensually and continuing to talk, but now crooning more seductively, "Do you
like my breasts, haven't you always wanted to see me like this?"

     Finally it came time to take off my g-string.  But to do that I wrapped
my cape around myself so that though it was obvious that it was coming off it
also appeared that modesty was going to prevail (this is just how my
strip-o-grams were choreographed).  My brother looked relieved but that was
short lived as I walked boldly up to him with the cape around me and them
opened my arms, holding the cape from me with arms outstretched, my back
arched and legs slightly apart, revealing myself fully.  I then spun around
and with my back to him I let the cape fall and there I was finally fully
naked for my younger brother, without a stitch on me, alone with him, with my
body in an uproar.  The act wasn't over though since there was one more song
to dance.  Much of that was ordinarily spent touching myself for my audience
but much also would be draping myself over what was usually the bachelor but
in this case was my brother.  Now my talking became more provocative.  "I've
always wanted you to see me naked.  My cunt is dripping from excitement."  And
I was rubbing my cunt up against his dick through his trousers and moving his
hands onto my breasts and down my body.  I knelt in front of his chair and
rubbed by breasts and cunt for him.  All this was a normal part of the strip
act but now I pushed further.

     I reached up his shirt to his chest, pulled his shirt up and lightly bit
on his nipples.  Then I slid down to his prick and kissed his dick through his
trousers.  He was very hard.  And I said to him , "can I blow you?", and he
just put his head back and groaned.  I loosened his trousers and pulled them
down and then began to lick his balls and stroke his dick.  It was obvious
that he had already come in his pants while watching me but that was okay
since it meant that he could go on longer now.  I licked up and down the shaft
while I played with his balls and then took him into my mouth.  His dick was
fairly long and very thick, just like his older brother's.  Then I climbed up
onto the chair with him and drove his dick deep into me, still talking to him,
"Fuck me.  Fuck your sister.  Come inside your sister."
--
