
                               One Summer Night

While taking a hike in the fields near my summer cottage one night, I came
upon her sleeping under the stars. She was lying on her back, fully exposed to
nature with her legs slightly apart.  I paused and gazed at her loveliness for
several minutes.  Quietly I kneeled down and crept close, careful not to
disturb her rest.

Taken by her charms I kissed her toes, gently.  Softly, I licked her toes, one
by one. Kissed them lightly and while she stirred, she did not awaken.
Lovingly, I placed kisses on her ankles and gently up her legs.  As if she
knew what I was up to, her legs parted further but she remained asleep. I
continued moving my lips up her thighs, massaging softly with my tongue and
almost imperceptibly, saying "mm!"

As my mouth reached her pubic mound, I brushed my whiskers upon her triangle.
She moaned softly.  I slipped my tongue inside her pubic lips and licked and
said "mm" aloud. Her legs spread even more widely. I worried she might become
startled, but she kept her eyes closed and moved as if she knew me... as if
she had been expecting me.  I tasted her luscious fluids and began to hum,
knowing the vibrations would begin to further arouse her.  By now she was
clearly into it, although her eyes remained shut.  I hummed and gently sucked
on a growing button of flesh.  Softly she said, "I knew you'd come to me,"
Please, don't stop."  Growing even more excited myself I continued my oral
massaging as her moans filled the open field.

Before long, her moans grew into loud "Ohs" and "Ahs".  My passion intensified
and so did my humming.  One very loud "Oh" and a rush of moisture saturated my
beard. Her hands moved to the sides of my head and tugged gently.  She guided
me until my body was classically above hers and my lips softly touched hers
and we kissed passionately. Her tongue moved all around my mouth as she
expressed her feelings with a loud "mm!"

My firmness slipped quickly inside her as her hips thrust against mine,
distinctly welcoming me into her depths.  We danced together that way for
several minutes and rolled over so that I now had my back on the grass and she
had her weight fully upon me.  My hands moved firmly over her back and sides,
exploring the terrain with firm but tender loving care. I kissed her as my
hands pulled her cheeks apart and my index finger traced a path to her anal
bud and probed inquisitively. Moistening my finger with her juices, I pushed
upon her anus. Responding she lifted her body and as I continued my thrusts my
finger entered her back door.  My ears began to flush and my body filled with
energy as I rapidly pumped with all my soul...  I exploded, filling her body
and being with my all, and my cry filled the night air with an echoing!

Then we quietly held each other as she settled down on me. We fell asleep that
way.   I awoke to find her gone.  I never saw her again after that... But I
think of her often as I walk that field on starry summer nights.  Life is
blessed for me!

