As Coach Marlin looked at the naked girl in front of him, he began once
again to think of her as a student. He was getting ready, for the first
time, to violate the cardinal rule of teaching. He knew there was no
stopping now and rationalized that, after all, she had been the
seductress. But her small, 26 inch waste, her little developing titties,
all made her look so young. Hell at thirteen, she was young. 

Brittany turned to the window now to see Justin and Todd, both fully
clothed, comb their hair and adjust their clothing in front of the mirror.
It was if they were looking straight at her, naked and everything. She was
hoping in her mind that the coach was serious about arranging for Todd to
fuck her. 

As she stood facing the window, the coach positioned himself behind her.
She put her hands on the window sill, leaning into it, her face now only
inches from the boys grooming on the other side ofthe glass. Behind them,
more boys were drying off. The coach used one leg to move her feet apart
and then gripped his stiff monster cock with one hand, guiding it to the
slippery hole that he had fingered moments before. 

Brittany felt the head of it as it completely covered her hole and even
expanded beyond the lips of her cunt. It took several stabs, but the
prelubricated cunt made way for the massive cock. After the huge head had
popped inside, the thick shaft followed more easily. Soon Brittany was
full as she had never been before. Todd turned to leave. Another boy, a
seventh-grade brother of one of her friends, took his place and began
drying with a towel. 

That was all it took to make her cum again as the coach now steadily drove
his adult sized cock up her little girl sized cunt. The increased fluid
now made it easier for the cock to fulfil it's mission and the coach
dutifully fucked the little girl. He looked down in lust at her bare white
ass which was now squashed up against his hairy stomach. Her legs had went
numb when she started to cum and the man was now holding her off the floor
as he held onto the window sill. 

"Fuck me good, screw me, oh I'm cumming again, please get Todd to fuck me
too! Ohhhhhhhhh! Ungh. Ungh." Brittany began a series of obscene grunts as
the coach repeatedly drove his cock deep into her, impacting the back wall
of her cunt with regular precision. He vulgar words and obscene grunts
took their toll and he felt the familiar rising of the orgasm in his
balls. It had been at least two weeks since he had cum and he new there
was plenty of sperm built up in his balls. he also came to his senses long
enough to to realize that it would be very easy to get this 13 year old
student pregnant if he uploaded it all inside of her. It took all the
discipline that he had, but he did it. 

Brittany, still breathless from her most recent orgasm, panted, "What's
wrong, Mr. Marlin? 

"Nothing, dear. Come here," he replied. He picked the girl up with both
hands and set her on the desk. Gently, he laid her down on her back. He
placed one hand over her sloppy twat and sank a finger deep inside her.
With the other, he stroked his cock in a familiar method that he knew
would cause him to erupt. He looked down a Brittany, her smooth, flat
stomach adorned by her perfect little navel; her little titties flat
against her chest. She smiled as she reached up and gently caressed his
balls while he jacked of, just as she did for her brother on many
occasions. 

The orgasm caught the coach by surprise. His first slippery wad impacted
her cunt and she immediately started rubbing it in. The next made a river
across her stomach and yet another across her tits. Still holding his
balls, Brittany gently guided him so that the next several wads impacted
her face, sticking in her hair, across her eyes, and finally in her mouth.
She continued to kneadhis balls as the gooey mess dripped down her face.
She looked up at him and gave him a sexy smile through her sperm covered
lips. 

His cock, now empty was still half hard. He pulled her around so that her
ass was off the desk and took her legs straight up with one tennis shoe on
each shoulder. He literally stuffed his half hard prick into her wet,
slippery hole and began pumping. As Brittany licked her sperm covered
lips, he chanted softly "Cum again, you little slut. Fuck me, you jizzy
little teenaged whore." To his surprise, his own words and the sight of
Brittany's pretty little teenage face covered with his dripping semen
caused him to get completely hard again. Brittany went into yet another
orgasm but this time used a trick that had seemed to work on her brother.
She lubricated one finger and pushed it into the man's as. As she spasamed
in orgasm, she forcefully massaged his prostrate. The coach unleashed
another load of hot sperm in the only place on her body he hadn't already
covered -- inside her cunt. The feeling of filling the child with his
stuff again made the coach forget the consequences and he continued to
pound the little girl mercilessly as she milked his cock with her pussy.
She pulled her finger out of his ass as he continued to cum which even
intensified the sensation more. Brittany continued to look up at him,
beaming her sexy smile as his cock, once again emptied, began to go limp.
As he pulled it out of her, a wad of his semen gushed out too. It dripped
down the crack of her tiny white ass and formed a pool on the desk top. A
plopping noise accompanied the exit of the head of his cock from her cum
soaked hole. 

"Brittany," he said to her as he caught his breath, "you are by far the
very best fuck I have ever had in my entire life. You're Great!" 

"You are good too, Mr. Marlin. I would like to do this again." 

"Me too, but we've really gotta be careful. You understand why, don't
you?" he asked. 

"Yes. I do. And I won't tell anyone. I promise." 

Reaching for a stack of towels on top of a book shelf in the office, he
tossed her one. "Shower up, young lady," he told her. Brittany looked
quizzically at the window where the last of the boys were getting dressed
and back at him. "You can shower with the boys if you really want to, Miss
Kramer, but I would suggest my private shower over there," he said,
pointing to a small door. 

As she turned to go wash the sticky goo off of her body, he grabbed her
gently by the arm and looked her lovingly in the eye. "I mean it, you were
great!"
