                           BLIND DATE
                                   by
                            Roger P Tipe   
                                
     We had chatted on line many times, talked for hours about
everything from philosophy to wresting, and yes even sex. 
Needless to say I was more than just a little bit intrigued by
her.  I would sing on at night, just waiting to see if she would
come.  It had become almost an addiction, but not one that I
wanted to give up.  The idea of meeting had of course, crossed my
mind more than once, but since I live in L.A.. and she is from
the bay area, the opportunity just had not been there.  All that
changed one glorious day a few weeks ago.
     We were chatting away like normal about one thing or another
when out of the blue, Leigh said that she was going to be down in
my area checking out U.C.L.A. and asked if I would like to get
together.  My answer was of course, an emphatic yes.  I gave her
my pager number, as I am never home and work in the field.  The
two days I had to wait for her to be down were filled with
anticipation and apprehension.  Would we get along as well in
person?  Would we have anything to say?  Would we like each
other?  Did she really look as hot as I imagined her in my
dreams?
     She was to be in town Wednesday through Friday and hadn't
given me an exact day that she would be beeping me.  As Wednesday
passed, I was a bit discouraged, hoping she was eager to meet me
as I was to meet her.  By the time I got to my 3:30 staff meeting
on Thursday, I had begun to think she would not be calling me at
all.  I was too preoccupied with my own sorrow to even pay
attention during the long an boring meeting, when I was startled
out of my trace by my pager vibrating against my hip.  Since
anyone who should be paging me was in the meeting with me, I had
to be careful who much attention I gave the page, causally
looking down at it to see what number had come through.  It was a
near by number, but one I did not recognize.  My heart raced at
the thought of her actually paging me.  The trouble was, we were
not half way through the meeting, and I could not get up and use
the phone just then.  I had to sit and wait, not hearing or even
caring what my boss was saying about my client's annual status
reports.
     My pager went off  no less than seven times in the next
thirty minutes, each time with a different number.  Each time I
prayed for the boss to end her droning and let me get out of
there.  Leigh was on the move, and I knew if I did not get back
to her very soon, she might leave and I would have lost my
chance.  Finally, at five after five, the meeting was adjourned. 
My fellow employees must have thought I need to use the bathroom
pretty bad, judging from how fast I raced out of there.  With no
privacy in the office, I had to rush down the block to the
nearest pay phone to call her back.  I called the most recent
number which had come through seven minutes earlier.  My fingers
trembled and it took three tries to actually get the quarter into
the coin slot.  My heart raced as the phone rang once.....
twice........three times....... My hear sank by the fifth ring,
but finally someone picked up the phone.  A wonderful female
voice said, "Hello?"
     Not sure it was her, I gave the standard response. "Yes,
someone just paged me."
     "Roger?" she answered.  Thank God it was her.
     "Leigh?"  I asked, trying not to stammer. "Is that you?"
     "Yes it is, I was just about to leave.  I thought maybe you
didn't want to talk."
     I hurriedly explained the situation to her, and she seemed
to somewhat accept my apologies.  Although, she did seem a bit
put off by having to wait so long for me to call back.  Finally,
she asked me the question I was hoping for.
     "So, do you still want to meet?"
     "Yes, I do, where and when?" I responded, thinking I would
just take the rest of the day off to get cleaned up.
     "Well," she answered.  "I'm at a pay phone at an Arco
station on...."  Her voice trailed of as she spoke to someone
there. "At Valley View and the Five Freeway.  There is a Denny's
across the street from here.  Let's meet there."
     "Sure" I replied, knowing exactly where she was. "When?"
     "How soon can you get here?"  She asked.
     I had wanted to change out of my jeans, T shirt and baseball
cap before meeting her, but no way was I going to pass up this
chance.  I blurted out my answer. "Twenty minutes."  To hell with
the rest of the day, my work could wait a day.
     "OK, see you then.  Hurry."  Then she was gone.
     I raced through traffic across town to catch the freeway. 
At this time of day, I knew it would be busy, but I didn't dare
try and make it on side streets.  I had given her a time that was
at least ten minutes short of the fastest possible time to make
the distance, but I was going to give it my best shot.  I didn't
do too badly  either, pulling into the parking lot of Denny's at
five forty three, just eight minutes past my twenty minute limit.
I prayed that Leigh hadn't been clocking me too closely. 
Straighten myself up as best I could, I took a deep breath and
entered the restaurant.
     I was rather afraid of standing there looking stupid, but my
fears melted away when I spotted a young woman sitting in a booth
hear the door.  She half rose and smiled at me as I crossed the
floor to greet her.
     "Roger"  she said, half questioning.
     I extended my hand and shook hers.  "Hi Leight, it's nice to
finally meet you."  I wasn't sure where the words were coming
from, as my heart felt like it was exploding in my chest and my
throat felt dry as sandpaper.  I managed to sit down, feeling
better to be off of my shaking knees.  Although I had done my
best to keep eye contact during our initial encounter, I could
not help but notice that Leigh had greatly exaggerated her looks
in our conversation.  She had said she was fairly attractive and
a "big girl"  Well, she was far more than just "fairly"
attractive, with long golden blonde hair surrounding a gorgeous
young round face.  As for her being "big", aside for her tall
frame which seemed to be 5-10 as she had described, the only
thing big on her was an impossible to miss pair of wonderfully
abundant breasts.
     She was dressed causally, for driving comfort I guessed, but
was still incredibly sexy.  A black jacket covered what appeared
to be a tight white lycra body suit, which only served to
accentuate her perfect breasts.  I had caught a quick glimpse of
her long legs as she stood.  She wore a tight pair of biking
shorts that hugged her muscular thighs tightly.  It was a
struggle not to just sit there and stare at her.  Luckily for me,
at that moment, the waitress came over to see if we wanted
anything.  I ordered a diet coke and Leigh elected to stick with
water.  Our somewhat heavy set waitress looked mildly annoyed at
as then shuffled off, leaving my again in an uncomfortable
position with this unbearably beautiful woman.
     I somehow managed to stammer through some small talk about
my meeting and asked her how her drive down was.  Thankfully, she
went into some detail as to the purpose and specifics of her
trip.  I calmed down a bit as she talked and listened to her
soothing voice.  Just watching her talk was amazing.  her eyes
were so green and so alive as she spoke I could not help but feel
a tug at my heart.  her every feature seemed to glow when she
would smile.  I barely noticed when our waitress brought my soda
to me, so entranced was I by her beauty.  In the middle of my
trance, I was struck by a rather embarrassing thought.  At least
twice before, we had engaged in highly sexual discussions which
had led to a rather furious session of cybersex.  I could hardly
believe that I was sitting here with this woman who I had jerked
off to while sitting at my computer.  I suddenly found myself
very embarrassed.
     Apparently, she could sense my growing unease.  "What's the
matter?"  she asked me after a particularly long silence.
     I tried to shake her off. "Nothing."  I mumbled.
     "I've been going on for five minutes and you haven't heard a
single word.  Tell me what you are thinking about."  She pressed.
     "It's really embarrassing."  I replied, trying to slow her
pursuit.  She just stared at me those big beautiful eyes.  She
was making it perfectly clear that she had no intention of
letting me out without an explanation.  Sheepishly, I tried to
explain.  "Remember those times when we talked in privet chat
rooms?"  I asked, bringing a smile and nod from her.  "well, I
was just thinking about how embarrassing it is to be sitting here
with you after those conversations."
     Leigh was ten years younger than my twenty eight years, but
was in no way shy about sex.  She just broadened her smile and
sexily stroked her hair.  "Why embarrassing?"  She asked.
     "Just because"  I said, knowing it would not suffice, but
just grasping at anything to avoid my growing shame.  "Look, I
don't know if you were doing what you said you were doing, but I
was."
     She laughed lightly, seeming to enjoy my squirming.  "You
mean masturbate?"  she asked matter of factly.  "I was.  I'm not
embarrassed, why should you be?  I think it's kind of sexy that
you were playing with your cock while fantasizing about me." 
From that point on, our conversation seemed to flow a little more
smoothly.  I still felt somewhat embarrassed, but felt more
relaxed and rather turned on by the thought of this beautiful
sexy woman pleasuring herself while on line with me.  For the
next hour or so, our conversation never strayed far from sex,
putting me in a slow and constant state of arousal the entire
time.
     At last, Leigh excused herself to use the restroom.  As she
stood, I joked, "I'll try not to stare."
     She paused a moment beside the table.  "Go ahead and stare."
 She whispered, sexily tossing her hair as she strode away.  I
did as she instructed, and watched her shapely round behind sway
as she walked.  This was one incredibly gorgeous woman.  I
watched her all the way across the restaurant, hoping she would
not look back and see me gawking.  As she passed a group of men
who were waiting to be seated, she slowed just a bit, giving
these men an extra second or two to openly stare at her lovely
body.  A wave of jealousy shook me as I saw this.
     By the time she came back, my jealousy had passed however,
and I was looking forward to whatever conversation we would be
having for the remainder of the evening.  Leigh was a truly
fascinating woman.  Upon her return to the table, I excused
myself to use the restroom.  The idea of jerking off quickly to
relieve the building tension in my groin crossed my mind, but I
thought better of it.  As I passed through the group of five men,
still waiting for their booth, I caught brief portions of their
conversation.  They were still remarking on Leigh and her assets.
     "Did you see that?"
     "Wow, what a body."
     "Those are the most perfect tits I've ever seen."
     "What I wouldn't give to have some of that."
     "Pure sex machine."
     "Let's get some of that."
     Their words cut into me deeply.  For more than one reason. 
Firstly, because of the crudity with which they talked about a
wonderful, funny and brilliant woman.  Secondly because I had
thought them all to myself as I took in her physical beauty, and
thirdly because I was becoming very attached to my new friend and
the thought of losing her hurt me. A ridiculous thing to be
thinking, but I couldn't help myself.
     When I cam back from the restroom, I could see the five men
seated at a booth near us.  They looked me over as I sat across
form Leigh.  "I did some staring of my own."  she said playfully,
flashing me her perfect smile and melting my heart. "Not bad." 
She added.
     As we talked, Leigh let her leg rest on the seat next to me.
Oh how badly I wanted to steal a glance under the table at her
strong legs.  I took a bit of a chance and let my hand rest on
her bare calf.  She smiled warmly as I stroked the perfect skin
of her legs.  She had hard, solid muscles, and the feel of them
made me hard in an instant.  We sat there talking, me stroking
her leg, for some time.  Apparently, my glances sideways at the
men in the next booth did not go unnoticed.
     "Do you know them or something?"  Leigh finally asked.
     "No."  I replied.  "I just overheard some of their
conversation after you walked by."
     This seemed to intrigue her a bit. "Really?  What did they
say?"
     "They were just talking about you." I replied, now knowing
what she wanted to hear.  "Commenting on your body."  I added.
     Leigh sat straight up, smiling and glanced over her shoulder
at the men.  She was flirting with them. I couldn't not believe
this.  As she turned around to face me again, Leigh had a very
serious look on her face.  "Wanna make them jealous?"  She asked.
     "Sure." I stammered, a bit confused.  "How?"
     "Follow me."  She said, standing and strutting towards the
door.  I fumbled in my pocket for some money and tossed it on the
table.  I saw the men stare at Leigh as she stood near the front
door, sexily swaying her curvaceous hips.  I almost ran to her.
     Leigh took me by the hand and led me out into the well lit
parking lot.  We walked along the path in front of the windows
and stopped at a gray Honda Civic.  Leigh leaned against the
drivers door and held her arms out to me.  "Well?"  She
questioned. "Are you going to stand there or are you going to
come over here and kiss me?"
     I knew where we were.  Leigh's car was parked in front of
the window where the men were seated.  As I brought her into my
arms, we were not more than fifteen feet from the small group of
gawkers, with only the glass to separate us.  Leigh wrapped her
arms around my neck and pulled me in close to her.  "Kiss me." 
She whispered.
     Our lips met, gently at first, feeling each other's heat,
searching for the right moment to seize each other in passion.  I
was not too surprised when Leigh took the lead.  As our lips
touched, it was she who parted her lips first.  I followed suit,
allowing my tongue to begin its gently searching of her soft wet
lips.  My hands rested on Leigh's hips, as our kiss became more
intense.  The rest of the world just seemed to melt away. 
Suddenly, we were the only two people on the planet.  It was as
if this kiss meant life or death.  Never in my life had I been
kissed like this.  Her mouth was on fire against mine.  Or
tongues dancing gently in an area that was neither her mouth nor
mine.
     We kissed for seemed to be an eternity, holding each other
tightly, our hips grinding together, Leigh could obviously feel
my throbbing cock against her belly.  I broke our kiss and
whispered into her ear.  "Let me take you someplace."
     I knew I was taking a bit of a chance.  There was a good
chance that I was moving  too fast and might scare her off. 
However, nothing could have prepared me for her answer.  She
breathed heavily in my ear and whispered, "No, let's sat right
here."
     Then I remembered the men at the booth.  As I felt Leigh
kiss her way down my neck, I glanced off to my left, into the
restaurant.  There they were, all five of them leaning towards
the window, openly staring at us.  I should have known.  Leigh
wanted them to watch us.  Well, it was more than a little
unconventional, but her hot mouth working on my neck was just to
nice to say no to. If they wanted a show, I was going to give it
them.
     Since my body was blocking their view of Leigh, I spun her
around so that my back was now against the driver's side door and
held her close to me.  "This jacket must come off."  I said,
slipping if down over her shoulders.  Now, her glorious body was
in plain sight of the window.  They could see my hands exploring
Leigh's back as we continued to kiss passionately.  Her entire
body was rock hard from her work outs, and I found myself getting
more turned on by the second just from the feel of this wonderful
woman.  With a brief glance to the window to make sure we still
had our audience, I let my hands drift lower down her back,
caressing her round full ass.  Her moans increased as I squeezed
and rubbed the firm flesh.
     It was time to increase the heat a bit.  In our
conversations, Leigh had mentioned how she loved to have her neck
kissed.  Little did I how now serious she had been.  As my mouth
trailed downward to her neck, Leigh went crazy.  Moaning and
gasping loudly and pulling me closer, grinding against my cock
greedily.  I could have climaxed right there had she kept up her
hard, fast motions, but I had more to show our friends inside.
     I spun Leigh around, so that she was facing away from me
now, her firm ass grinding against my cock.  She began to
protest, but quieted quickly as my tongue again found her neck. 
Now I could see our five friends, all crowded around the window
like children watching a fire truck race past.  I know Leigh
could see them as well, and the fact that she was getting excite
being watched excited me even more.  My hands caressed her
shapely hips and flat stomach.  My hands worked their way up
until they cupped her full breasts.  They were a full and firm
40D, and more than filled my hands.  This brought pointing and
gawking from our audience, and a shocked stare from our waitress
who had come over to the table.  We would have to move soon or
risk being arrested.  I had an idea, but had to make sure Leigh
was too hot to say know.  
     I concentrated my fingers' efforts on her nipples, now hard
and straining against the tight fabric of her body suit.  "Oh
God,"  she cried out. "I want you so bad."  Almost there.  to
seal the deal, I let my hand slip between her thighs.  She was
soaked through the tight material and gasped as my fingers danced
over her pussy.  "My car is across the parking lot."  I
whispered. "Follow me."  As she did, I knew that she was giving
our friends a welcome glance.  They would be following soon
enough, of that much I was sure.
