Archive-name: Family/broknson.txt
Archive-author: Jonathan
Archive-title: Broken-in Son


     When I first started reading stories dealing with incest, I 
didn't think I could muster the guts to write about the experiences I 
had with my mother and sister.  After just reading a few more, though, 
I feel different; so here it goes!
 
     It was during the middle fifties, and we were living in Oklahoma 
at the time.  My father sharecropped a small farm that my sister and I 
hated because we had to help out every single chance we had free.  My 
sister, Nora, and I felt we were being cheated out of our fun, so we 
goofed off every chance we had.
 
     There was a small stream that ran close by, and every chance we 
could manage, we would strip to our undies and dive in.  Nora was a
few years older than I, so I would try not to stare at the furry mat 
between her legs when her panties would get wet and cushion against 
her mound.
 
     I stared a little too long one day as we were playing in the 
water, and suddenly, I felt my cock start to swell.  I had a  pretty
big cock that was fairly thick and was hard to hide.  It was hard to
hide even limp when I wore certain pants.
 
     My sister made some crack about me being part horse, and I 
retorted with something.  Before long we were pushing each other, and 
the pushing turned into shoving, and then we were wrestling in the
water.  I ran out to a grassy knoll, and I thought we were through
horsing around.  But Nora wasn't, and she climbed on top of me as she
pinned my arms to the grass.
 
     Her wet panties were resting atop my pelvis, and I could feel the 
warm moons of her ass rest on my pelvis as we lay there panting from 
the horsing around in the water.  There was a moment as we both 
relaxed when she straddled my waist, that I became very conscious that 
my hard-on under my shorts was positioned straight up between her ass  
buns and pussy.  The head of my cock was resting on my navel.
 
     I was so comfortable that I didn't realize that the head of my 
cock was hard and throbbing above the waistline of my shorts until my
sister looked down between us.  I thought it was her panty hem that 
was bruising the head of my throbbing cock, and that's why I hadn't 
noticed my exposed cock.
 
     As I looked down between us, I raised myself up and Nora looked,
too.  She said something like, "Oh, no," and then it was an entirely
different thing altogether.  We locked eyes for a moment, and then my 
sister started rocking her body on top of me and sliding her ass and 
pussy all along the length of my cock.  For a moment I had a guilty 
feeling, but I looked up from our pubic areas to her eyes and I saw 
that they were closed as she rocked her head in lusty circles.
 
     My cock was being scraped raw by the panty cloth and hem and the 
top of my waistband.  I tried to free my hands from her grip, but she 
was too strong.  My blood circulation was being cut as I felt my arms 
going numb.  Nora wasn't saying a word, and neither was I.  We were 
just dry-fucking each other over our underclothes.
 
     When my sister started going faster, I was the first one that 
spoke up.  I said, "You're bruising my cock with your panties."  She 
stopped, and we both looked down between us.  The elastic waistband of 
my shorts was rolled down, and her panties were very wet as her hand 
reached between us to touch my curved, fiery-red cock.
 
     Without a word, Nora lifted up and shoved the panty crotch cover 
aside, and she placed my cockhead on her furry pussy.  I didn't know a 
damned thing about fucking so I just started humping up.  I felt my 
cock hit a hot, tight, resisting wedge, and it felt so good that I 
gave it an extra-hard shove.  I felt a little tightness, and then it 
parted, and my cock went partway into a very hot, tight place.
 
     She said, "Yikes," or something, and I broke my hands loose from 
her grip.  I grabbed my sister around the waist and turned into a wild 
animal as my cock wedged deeper into her.  I felt her pussy tighten 
around my cock as I kept digging into her.  She flattened her body on 
top of me, and I just drove my cock in as deep as I could.
 
     I don't know if she rolled me on top of her, or I rolled on top, 
but I suddenly found myself on top of her, and then I started spurting 
and gushing inside of her, over and over, as we both groaned and 
moaned.  My sister had her arms around my neck, and I swear I thought 
she was going to break it, she was gasping so hard.
 
     My spurts and gushes started to slow down, and I just lay on top 
of her as she eventually went limp.  I started to relax so much that I 
was almost asleep when she shook me and told me to get off of her.  My 
cock made a wet, sucking noise as it came out of her tight wedge.
 
     The next day we went to the same area, and we worked for a while, 
weeding some turnips.  When I tried to horse around with her, she 
wouldn't have anything to do with me.  All that week we worked in the 
same area, and I couldn't get another rise out of her.  After having 
fucked for the first time, I was more than ready for my next one.  I 
didn't care about her being my sister.  By then I just wanted to have 
that feeling of my cock spurting in her pussy again.
 
     Nora didn't bring up the subject until a few days later.  We were 
working in a different part of the farm, when she said out of the 
blue, "I got my period today."
 
     I said, "So what?"  I didn't know what it meant to her.  She 
said, "Dummy, that means I didn't get pregnant after what we did the 
other week."  I was so jolted by the whole thing that I didn't know 
what to say.
 
     I had completely forgotten any fear of pregnancy because I 
thought Nora had just not wanted to fuck anymore with me.  I had been 
jacking off just about every night after our first fuck and thought 
that that had been the end of it.
 
     But after that, things went a little smoother.  We started 
fucking with rubbers which my sister bought at the drugstore for me.  
We only had one more scare --- once when the rubber bursted as we were 
fucking one day standing up behind the chicken coop.  After a few 
days, she came back happy again and told me that there was nothing to 
worry about.
 
     However, after awhile, my sister went to live with my aunt 
because she was laid up with some ailment.  My father also planted the 
new crop and found a job in town while the crop developed.  Sometimes 
he would stay away for days on end.  It was during the winter, and 
with very little money coming in, my mother would try to save by 
heating up the house and then turning the heater off.
 
     One day when my father was away, she told me to sleep with her to 
save on the heater use.  I didn't want to because I had been jacking 
off in a steady way every night since Nora had been gone.  After 
awhile I reluctantly agreed.  The first few nights I went to bed 
before she did, and always took a little rag to wipe myself off after 
I jacked off.
 
     The fourth night I will always remember for the rest of my life.  
My mother made me help with the dishes and held me there with her 
until she went to bed.  I didn't have a chance to jack off, and I 
didn't want to do it in the bathroom because I had never liked jacking 
off standing up.
 
     As usual, my mother placed a small bedroll between us as we lay 
under the bed covers.  I tried to jack off on the sly after I thought 
she was asleep, but she woke up and said in the dark, "Are you 
restless?"
 
     I answered, "No," and went to sleep with sore balls.
 
     Sometime later that night when I was not quite awake, but yet I 
was not asleep, I came conscious of my mother's back against me.  The
bedroll was no longer between us, and my mother's behind was nested in 
my pelvis as we both lay facing in the same direction.  In that 
Twilight Zone-state, I became aware that my cock was swollen, and it 
was touching my mother's ass-moons very lightly.
 
     I couldn't help it, I just automatically put my free arm around 
her and I guess I faked a snore, just in case she was awake.  By then 
my cock was throbbing and jumping like a heart against her ass buns.  
I kept faking my snores for a while and then the unforgettable started 
to happen.  I felt my mother fumble with her sleeping gown, as she 
removed my hand from around her waist.
 
     I could tell that she didn't want to wake me up as she kept 
fumbling with her sleeping clothes.  After awhile, she sat up just for 
a moment in bed, in the dark, and then lay down again.  She faced me, 
just for a moment, as I continued to fake my snores.  Shocked, I then 
watched her search for my shorts waistline and pop my buttons open.
 
     Thereafter, my mother tugged on my shorts to slide them down off 
my body.  I helped a little by snoring and moaning as I turned to 
allow her to remove my shorts.  When she had removed them as far as my 
ankles, she placed her foot between my legs and I relaxed as she 
pushed them off with her foot.  She lay down sideways, facing away 
from me, and then very slowly started inching her body toward mine as 
I kept faking my snores.
 
     My mother inched her body so slowly that by the time her bare 
skin touched the trunk of my cock I could feel my cock oozing its cum. 
When my cock was lined up between her buns, she just kept sliding her 
body higher as I snored and tried to slide my body down on the 
bedsheets to help her.  When she finally slid as high as she could, 
and I as far down as I could, the head of my cock fell, throbbing,
just below the roundness of my mother's buns.  I could feel the tickle
of her pussy's coarse hair.
 
     Then she did a very strange thing; she started to bend forward as 
far as she could as she opened her legs.  I felt her hand cup the head 
of my cock.  I felt her thumb rub the open hole, soon oozing as she 
started to wet her pussy lips with her fingers from my cum.  I bent 
and arched my body forward, and she made one quick motion and slipped 
the head of my cock into a hot, comfortable nest.
 
     I quit faking my snores then and reached around her waist and 
rolled on top of her.  There was no resistance like I had had with my 
sister.  This was just good, comfortable, sweet fucking.  I heard my 
mother gasp, "Oh, you're so sweet, baby; give it all to me," as she
bounced me on her backside.
 
     I found out the difference between a real woman and a girl like
my sister who didn't know how to throw her ass around as we fucked.
My mother turned sideways as I lay on top of her and placed one leg 
between both of mine and one across my stomach, and I felt my cock go 
in all the way to my balls.  She said, "God, baby, you have a good-
sized cock," as we just groaned and gasped in the dark.
 
     After I came in her, we lay very quietly, connected for a long 
time as her pussy kept milking my cock, something my sister didn't 
know how to do.  When my cock became hard again, we fucked some more
--- until my balls had no more cum in them.  She repeated milking my 
cock with her pussy, and after I was through, she said, "Let me get up 
and douche.  My, you sure had a lot of cum in those big balls."
 
     After she came back, the sun was up already and she sat down by 
the bed.  My mother told me that if she had known how big my cock was, 
she would have "broken" me in before then.  She said that she had been 
afraid of frightening me.
 
     She went on to tell me that she had raised the subject lightly
with my father, and that he had laughed at her, so she never brought 
it up again.  So, for that reason, she said I should be sure and never 
tell him about breaking me in.  She also told me that she was going to 
try and tell my sister to let me break her in.  I laughed, and told 
her that Nora and I had already started fucking about a month before 
she went to stay with my aunt.
 
     My mother scolded me, telling me never to say "fucking" because 
only dogs "fucked" --- humans "comforted" each other.  She was also 
concerned about me possibly making my sister pregnant.  She told me 
that if I ever needed "comforting", I should come to her, because I 
was liable to get Nora pregnant.  But she also told me that if Nora 
and I ever did do it again, we should use double rubbers.
 
     Here's to more and better mother and son stories.  I would like 
to read a mother's written story of her experience.  I told my mother 
to write this one, but she wouldn't.

--
