Archive-name: 3plus/bigbear.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Big Bear Weekend, The

 
     I had seen better times.  My romance with a very special lady
was in deep shit.  It had been a torrid four months but it had
become complicated by her boyfriend.
     Regardless of the boyfriend, we were enough attracted to each
other to have some of the greatest lovemaking sessions I've ever
experienced, including twenty years of marriage and a very lively
bachelor life.  I had teeth marks on my body to prove it.
     There was one night on the couch in a borrowed condo that I
went down on Leslie, sucking and licking her cut until she tried to
push my head right inside her as she hung on the edge of climax. 
So you can understand why I felt down when I had a house up at Bi
Bear Lake for the weekend, and nobody to share it with.  No Leslie.
Her job was giving her fits, her other boyfriend kept popping in
and out of her life and I was a further complication she just
didn't want.  And I was horny.  My cock was in a semi-hard state
constantly with no wet and warm place to put it.  I fantasized
about fucking every girl I met.
     I was in my office fantasizing about fucking Peggy.  She was
ripe, bit-titted and luscious, and she worked down the hall.  I had
fucked her in the ass one night in the office after closing time
when I had caught her masturbating in the lounge.  
     Now, as though on cue, she walked into my office.  She looked
luscious and desirable.  The nipples of her breasts stood out like
silver dollars.
     She stood in front of my desk asking about some nit-shit
office detail and I didn't hear a word she said.  I looked up at
her and said, "How would you like to go to Big Bear Lake with me
this week-end?"  I assumed she would laugh it off as a joke.
     But her blue eyes went dark and thoughtful, her mouth opened
and she slid her tongue along her lips.  "Just the tow of us?" she
asked.  I had an instant hardon of gigantic proportions.  I could
feel moisture at the end of my cock.
     I told Peggy she could bring anyone she wanted so long as it
wasn't her husband or anyone who would get in our way.  I figured
I might as well assume we were going to fuck again and see if she
was still interested.  Then she really knocked me off my chair. 
She said that Lucy and Allison who worked in her department had
both said they would like to make it with me and she was going to
invite them as well.  I couldn't believe my ears.  Women will fool
you every time.
     Lucy was a strawberry blonde and looked a lot like Leslie. 
The same full body, the same great legs and ass, the same full
breasts that went braless much too much of the time.
     Allison was blonde and looked a lot like Jane Fonda.  She had
a slender, athletic body with high firm breasts and a full,
sensuous mouth.  I really wanted to put my cock in those two. 
Before Peggy went off to invite both girls to our weekend she
looked at me and said, "Remember, I''m first, and I want you to do
me in the ass like before!"  Then she flashed me a wicked smile and
I almost came in my pants.
     She was back in five minutes.  "Pick us up in front of the
office at five... it's all set."
     The rest of the day dragged by, and at five I pulled my El
Dorado around to the front of the building where the three young
beauties waited.  We stopped at their respective apartments while
each picked up some necessary girl items, and soon we were on the
freeway headed toward Big Bear.
     Not much was said.  Just the usual chit-chat during the two
hour drive.  Peggy sat in front with me, and the tow other girls,
Lucy and Allison, sat in back.  The atmosphere seemed charged with
expectation.
     Peggy stroked my thigh, and then let her hand graze over my
fly.  Beneath it my cock was hard and pulsing.  She put her lips to
my ear and whispered, "Save that for me.  Remember, my ass is
first!"
      I damn near drove off the freeway when she said that, but at
last we were there, me parking the car in the carport.  Once
inside, Peggy took over.  She assigned everybody a bedroom while I
set about to build a fire in the fireplace.  Then she looked at me.
"Give me five minutes, then come to my room to claim your prize."
     Lucy and Allison came over to me then, and both started
kissing and caressing me as Peggy headed toward her room.  They had
me undressed before I knew what was happening, and Allison was
kneeling in front of me with my cock in her mouth, lolling it like
it was an all-day sucker.
     From somewhere in the background I could hear Peggy calling to
me and reluctantly I reclaimed my cock from the pretty blonde's
mouth only moments before she would have had me coming.  Allison
gave me a pouty look as I followed Peggy's voice, and Lucy gave my
prick a loving caress.
     There on the bed was Peggy.  Her head was against the pillow,
that sweet ass up in the air and she had one hand doing her pussy,
two fingers strumming her clit while the other hand was lathering
up her asshole with lubricant.  I watched while she double-
masturbated herself.  The middle finger of her right hand was
sliding in and out of her asshole while the left hand did its work
on her clit.
     While I watched, she started to spasm.  Her body was
convulsing.  First her cunt against her left hand and then her ass
would push back toward that probing finger as it dove in and out.
     I couldn't wait any longer.  I moved in behind her, gently
removing her finger from that little pink hole and rammed my cock
in and up to the pubic hair.  She screamed.  Not out of pain.  She
was so ready she could have taken a cock twice as big and hard as
mine.
 
     I was in her ass, driving my cock in and out as she continued
to scream.  She was coming.  And coming.  And coming.  "Fuck my
ass!  Harder!  Harder!!"  Her cunt was going off, and her body was
trembling.  She was breathing so hard I thought she might be having
a heart attack.  "Oohhhhhhhh!" she gasped.  "I'm coming, you ass-
fucker!"
     I grabbed her by the tits and pulled myself even farther into
her quaking asshole.  And then I felt it in my cock, back near my
balls.  It was a violent tremor followed by a violent explosion as
I started coming deep inside her ass.  My cum poured into her butt
in long spurts.  Hot jism was running down her asscheeks and thighs
as she overflowed.  I just kept coming, coming two or three times
while still buried in her ass.  Peggy was still coming.  All I had
to do was shove my cock an inch or two into her and she'd come
again.  She was moaning and crying, and half out of her head.  It
was heaven.
     Suddenly I felt something alongside of us and I realized we
weren't alone.  Lucy and Allison in all their naked glory were on
the bed beside us eating each other's pussy.
     They were soaking wet and really eating those cunts.  First
one, then the other would dive in.  A little pink tongue would
snake into a creaming honey pot and the other would cry out and
clamp her legs around the head of the one doing the eating.
     I wanted Lucy.  She reminded me so much of Leslie I couldn't
wait to get at her.  Reluctantly, I pulled my still hard cock out
of Peggy's steaming ass and pulled Lucy off Allison's cunt.  "Are
you going to fuck me now?" she asked me eagerly.  "You bet your ass
I am!" I answered.
     "Not my ass, do it to my pussy," Lucy said.  Her eyes seemed
glazed.  Allison's mouth had done its work on her.  She looked
great.  Her breasts were swollen, the nipples distended and pointed
straight at me.  I leaned over and kissed one of them and she
pulled my head against it.  She reached for my cock and began to
run her fingers along its length.
     I took her by the hand and pulled her up, leading her to her
bedroom so that Allison and Peggy could be alone.  As we were
leaving I saw Allison settle down between Peggy's lush, opened
thighs.  She buried her face in Peggy's muff.  After a moment Peggy
began to whimper as she came again.
     Lucy pulled me into her room and onto her bed, and I was
ready.  She spread herself out, on her back and I thought for a
moment that I was looking at Leslie.  Lucy was not quite as tall
but her coloring was the same.  Her cunt was blonde and wispy.  Not
a lot of pubic hair and what there was was soft and did nothing to
cover those red lips that were reaching out for my cock.  Her cunt
lips were wet and slick and red and open, inviting me inside.
I couldn't resist them.  I bent over and began to tongue her. 
She moaned and tried to push my head away.  "No.  I've had enough
tongue.  I want some hot, hard cock - and I want it now!" she
demanded.
     I knelt between her legs and placed the head of my raging cock
against the gleaming cuntal lips she offered.  I could feel her
lips pulsing as I thrust deeply into her.  We began to bump and
grind our hips against each other, my cock sliding from one end of
her pussy to the other.  It was like a wet, hot oven.  We were out
of control.  Our thrusts at each other no longer a steady pace.  We
frantically drove at each other, colliding in ecstasy.  My cock
stabbed into her cunt, and her cunt grasped my cock tightly.  I
could feel a stirring in my balls.  The cum was beginning to boil
over.
     Now Lucy was pushing me away from her chest and stuffing a
breast in my mouth.  "Suck it!  Bite it!" she screamed.  "Make me
cum and cum!"  She was almost incoherent.
     I sucked her and fucked her as hard and fast as I could.  She
came without warning.  It was frantic.  Her body began to thrash
beneath me, her breath coming in gasps as she gulped for air.  Her
whole body was convulsing.  Just as suddenly I began pouring a load
of hot sperm into her that was a flood of molten cum.  I kept
coming, and so did she.  We seemed to be bathed in cum, hers and
mine.  Now it was pouring down her trembling legs.
     We lay in each other's arms, calming down, and every so often
her pussy would give a convulsive twitch and grip my cock tightly,
and I'd come a little more.  My cock was actually still hard, and
I wasn't about to take it out of that warm, furry nest.  We fell
asleep this way, cock in cunt, our arms wrapped around each other.
     I dreamt I was fucking Leslie, and the body against me began
to respond.  I was pounding my cock deep into Lucy when Allison
awakened me.  "It's my turn now, Dick.  No more for Lucy until I
get mine!"
     Slowly I got up, my still-erect hardon all slippery and
excited.  Lucy opened an eye.  "I'm not through with you, but I can
wait.  We have the whole weekend."  I was to find out what she
meant later that night.
     I headed for the shower, needing to calm down a little so that
I could give Allison a good ride.  She had one of those athletic
bodies that worried me.  There wasn't an ounce of fat anywhere on
her.  Her breasts were high, hard and sleek.  The nipples were
gigantic.  Thighs all smooth, lean and golden.
     I was in the shower only a few minutes when I felt someone. 
I opened my eyes to see Allison had joined me.  She grabbed me,
pressing her body against me.  My soapy cock slid between her legs.
She began to fuck my cock with her thighs, rubbing the head with
the bottom of her cunt.  She held me close, those hard tits pressed
against my chest.  Suddenly her entire body quivered as she had a
quick orgasm.  She proved to be the kind who had small climaxes at
first, building up to a major earthquake.

     I held her, not moving.  Then I pushed her under the shower
head with me so that both of us might cool down.  We bathed each
other from top to bottom, and as we did so, she shoved a soapy
finger up my asshole which felt surprisingly good.  "You like that,
don't you!" she said with that sensual smile.
     The shower was very large, big enough to lie down in, and
that's what we did.  It was Allison's idea, and I followed her
lead.  I knelt down so that my cock was pointing at Allison's
mouth, about two inches away.  At the same time, my own mouth and
tongue went to work on those scarlet wet pussy lips between her
thighs, and her clit which was now standing up.
     She reached up, grabbing my cock and drawing it into her
mouth.  She practically swallowed me.  Her mouth worked like a
human suction cup as she mouthed and licked my penis.
     She was good, but there was no chance to tell her so.  I was
sucking and licking her cunt and she was doing the same to my cock
with her sensuous mouth.
     She began undergoing a series of climaxes, one right after the
other.  Little earthquakes that shook her, making her cry out.  Her
legs clamped against my head as each convulsive orgasm hit her.  It
would subside, and then my mouth would bring her to still another. 
I could feel her building toward the big one now, and she locked
her legs around me.  I could hardly breathe, locked in between her
thighs as I was.
     My nose was buried in her delectable ass, cum was running down
her legs and she was totally wild.  All I could do was lick and
suck as she built toward her grand-slam climax.
     And all of this time my cock was pistoning in and out of her
mouth.  As she exploded in the throes of that ultimate climax, she
feverishly sucked my cockhead, willing the cum out of my balls.  I
exploded furiously into her throat then, blowing her away with a
huge fireball of cum.  Her cheeks filled and it began running out
from between her lips and down her chin onto her neck and tits.  I
continued to cum in spewing spurts, while at the same time that
lovely cunt of hers was practically gushing cream as an incredibly
violent climax surged through her, leaving her shaken with ecstasy.
     I had trouble believing I had just fucked three beautiful
women who were eager for more.  The three of us went to bed.  Just
as I began to slip away into well-earned sleep, Peggy and Lucy
joined Allison and me on the bed.  We fell asleep together. 
Tomorrow would be another beautiful day...
 

Well i hope you enjoy them! Nore stories to come if i get a good response!

--
