Archive-name: Amazon/bigfall.txt
Archive-author: Smoldre
Archive-title: The Bigger they Fall, the Harder they Come


    I'd never seen the captain like this before.  Man, he was shakin'.
Then again, thinkin' 'bout the captain havin' the shakes was just a
little trick my mind was using to keep me from barkin' like a rabid dog.
I mean, those two bitches devastated the city and shrugged off our best
mortar fire and anti-tank barrage; and it wasn't like they were hard to
hit.  Shit, it was impossible to miss.  In the Godzilla movies it looks
like most everything the army throws at the monster flies right by, but
it ain't like that in real life.  They stood there for must've been five
minutes and I scored myself over and over and over.  No more effect than
a rain shower.  Can't figure it, really can't.  It looked like female
flesh.  Regular, soft female flesh.  Muscle to fat ratio almost inverse
from a male's, probably not quite, pound for pound, half the strength of
a male type female flesh.  One'a them.. Christ forgive me what'm I
sayin' I don't believe maybe now I do Christ I wonder if I'll see you..
one'a them started jigglin her monster tits before they wiped us out.
Then lights out, all I remember is playin' dead in showers a' pasted
human flesh... shit, how long's the captain been briefin'?

".. impossible.  So we got us Dr. Bartley here, he's biology something.
Lissen' up and listen good.  He has an idea and we're going to try it.
We've volunteered to try it.  Any arguments?  No?  Didn't think so.
Just so you don't get second thoughts down the road; civilian death
toll's in the hundreds of thousands, military close to thirty thousand.  
Washington's gon'na make this neck'o the woods ground zero, but after
what we've seen yesterday we all know it ain't gon'na do much good.
Dr.?"

"The captain's right, men.  What we're dealing with here is sufficiently
unprecedented to force doubt on every tenet we've believed.  We don't
know how.  But we do know where and when."

Bartley stopped and gazed at his audience, as if to gauge their capacity
to comprehend his words.

"Spill it doc.," said Jack.  "We're trained to retain our faculties in
extreme circumstances."

"Very well then.  Sattelite intelligence is available from the first
moment when... well, when the first unholy mass of female erupted from
the bay.  There seems to be an anomaly at that location.  Odd particles,
thermal fluctuations and most.. most puzzling, gravitational
fluctuations.  We need samples..."

"That's it, men," interrupted the captain.  "We are going to get samples
of whatever's at the source.  And one way or another, we're gon'na get
at least one sample to Washington.  At least one of you will survive to
get it there."


    	    	    	NEXT DAY


Me, I don't think it's such a hot idea.  Four coast guard cutters and,
if that fails, umpteen choppers.  Like I told the captain, one
guy in a dinghy at night would up the chances over this big commotion.
But hey, I never seen action, I'm just a snot nosed college fuck.  Shit,
here we go.

Indeed, the vessel moved under Jack; it picked up speed, accelerating
rather abruptly, and he imagined he could smell the fear and adrenalin
of the twenty or so men huddled about him on deck.  About a mile away he
could make out one of the other vessels starting out as well, and
guessed that the plan was to converge on the target; hopefully at least
one vessel would make it through and get away with samples.  Strange,
the eerie calm of the morning, off the shores of the devastated city;
then he heard the familiar chugging of chopper, and turned to see.  

Yup. Choppers.  Quite a few.. and.. shit!  One of the fucking monsters.

She must've been lying on the ground and covered herself with rubble,
for as she stood up the gravelly-seeming debris rained off her flesh;
insignificant seeming debris falling off a voluptous, scantily clad
female standing in a toy city - accompanied by avalanchian rumbling.
Don't know if she saw us yet, hope to God..

The monster female threw its head back and appeared to be addressing the
sky.  The eerie morning silence, if anything, deepened; and then, from
miles away, her laughter slammed into the huddled men.  And then, her
voice slammed into them.

"SILLY FLEAS, WE WERE EXPECTING YOU," she roared.

The hair on Jack's nape stood on end.  He turned and his intuition was
confirmed.  Dead ahead, about a mile away, the titanic shape of the
other monster rose from the waters of the bay.  

Possibilities flashed through his mind.  The chances of survival had
become minuscule, but he had survived once by playing dead.  His
earlier idea, about one man setting out hopefully unnoticed returned
full force.  While his comrades sat slack jawed and paralyzed, while the
monster on shore began wading out into the bay and the other monster
made playful tidal waves, he dove over the parapet.

It was a massacre, of course.  The choppers that approached too closely
were literally swatted out of the air.  The ones that kept their
distance fared no better as they were battered by tonnes of water thrown
at them by the monsters.  It was the frigates, however, that seemed to
provide the monsters the most entertainment.  Lifted bodily from the
water, they were used as dildoes while hapless men clung to for their
lives.  The men in the water were scooped up and pressed into human
jelly - and then ingested.  One of the monsters, after lingeringly
penetrating herself with the frigate that had housed Jack, began to lick
her own juices off it; along with the few unfortunates that had managed
to hang on that long.

Meanwhile, Jack had been swimming.  As much as able, he had remained
beneath the surface, gulping a lungful and submerging again.  He didn't
know how long he had been swimming.  His oxygen starved brain began to
throw up vivid subconscious images; pulped humans, vengeful goddesses,
all accompanied by a strange feral anger.  He wasn't certain, but he
seemed to feel tingling sensations.  Then, a roar: "ONE OF THE FUCKING
FLEAS GOT THROUGH!  KILL THE LITTLE SHIT!"

By that point, however, it was too late.  Jack's plan had been a good
one.  Not only had it been unlikely that the giantesses would have
noticed his diminutive form, mostly submerged; but in their sexually
crazed death lust, had they noticed him, they would most likely have
done nothing about it.  Crawling 'pon a stage that drummed to the rhythm
of goddesses slaking their lust for death and orgasm, his insignificance
was simply too underwhelming.  When they finally did notice him it was
due to the fact that he had begun to expand into significance.

Jack noticed, dimly, that his feet were touching the bottom of the bay.
The following moment his head had broken surface and he began to cough
out water and air in.  As his faculties returned he observed a huge
female, near twice his height, advancing towards him; the waters of the
bay swirled and frothed about her waist as she created an impressive
wake.  From his perpective she appeared to shrink steadily even as she
approached, and when she reached him had barely any height advantage at
all.  She struck out at him and he backed away slightly, causing her to
miss; her shrinking ceased.  She appeared some three inches shorter than
him.  Again, she attempted to strike him.

Rather contemptuously he blocked her clumsy blow and captured her right
wrist with his hand.  She attempted to pull her captured arm back and
gasped on realizing that she had not managed to even budge his hand.
She attempted to strike at his eyes with her left hand; he merely turned
his head, allowing her claws to rake his cheek, drawing some blood,
Then, with her right wrist still captured, he imprisoned her other
wrist; and quickly transferred the captivity of both her wrists into his
left hand.  She struggled with all her strength, and could not even
begin to dislodge his grip upon her.  He raised his left arm up, forcing
both her arms to rise as well, and then lowered his arm behind her head.
She had no choice.  Her elbows bent and she felt her own wrists forced
against the nape of her neck.  A small whimper escaped her.
Desperately, she attempted to lift her knee into his crotch, but he was
already forcing her body, by exerting pressure against her captured
wrists and back of the neck, against his own.  Her knee encountered no
resistance as it slipped by the outside of his thigh.  She felt her
breasts and belly crushed against his fatigues and the hard flesh
beneath.  He bent her upper body backward, cruelly,  The last of her
power drunkenness faded from her system as her breath was forced out in
an agonized gasp.  Fear corruscated through her body, licking her senses
with a fiery tongue.  She became wet with a wetness other than that of
the salty waters of the bay, and in a dim and distant recess of her mind
was outraged that her fear caused her body to react as if aroused, as if
preparing for penetration; but the rest of her mind and the entirety of
her emotions became absolutely focused on her desperate need to appease
this man in whose grasp she was so painfully and utterly helpless.

"Let her go you sick pervert!" screamed the second giantess.  She
advanced towards Jack, holding her hands out as if to show him
something.

He gazed at her hands and was shocked to see countless tiny human
figures clinging there for dear life.

"Let her go," threatened the second giantess, "or your friends here die
slow."

He appraised the situation, while his captive whimpered.  The two
giantesses, which had formerly appeared to him as a combination of a
sadistic devil, death incarnate and a pantheon of slapstically demented
gods, now struck him as two females of his own species.  Oddly, he found
himself unable to ignore their physical appearance.  The one he had
reduced to pathetically squirming had measurements of perhaps 40-29-37.
Her breasts strained against her bra, partly overflowing it, and
jiggled, along with the rest of her frame, most enticingly as a
consequence of her struggles.  Had she not been so voluptuously
proportioned she might have been considered somewhat overweight; as it
was, she gave the appearance of deliciously ripened, soft and lush
femininity.  The other giantess was perhaps the equivalent of an inch
taller.  She was less voluptuous, more svelte, albeit only by
comparison.  She also seemed, if comparison were meaningful after such
loss of life, somehow darker, more cruel.  Unlike Jack's captive
giantess, she wore a garter belt in addition to panties and bra.

"Well?" Screamed the aggressive giantess, "are you an idiot as well as a
sick pervert?  Want to see your comrades pulped?"  She began, slowly, to
constrain her fists; thin wails, shrieks emerged; a virtual chorus of
Liliputian misery such as only Dante might perhaps have imagined.

Jack's protective instincts, those same instincts that had landed him in
the reserves and in more trouble than could easily be narrated in this
narrative, was not such as to allow much latitude in this situation.  He
knew, however, that his surrender would not bring about an end to the
slaughter, and that it was mandatory for him to not surrender while any
other options yet existed.

"Listen bitch," he growled down at his weeping captive, "I'm gon'na let
you go.  When I do, you're gon'na go over to your friend.  You're
gonn'na look and act like she just saved your life, like you wan'na lick
her cunt for savin' you.  Then you're gon'na grab her wrists and hang
onto 'em.  You're gon'na make sure not one human being dies.  Or you're
gon'na die.  Got it bitch?  If they die, I'm gon'na come after you.  And
you know what I can do to you and your friend, don't you?"

His captive mewled, which he took for consent.  He loosened his grip on
her, slowly, attempting to appear as one acting contrary to self
interest.  After a final hesitation, he released her.  She, for her
part, remained crouching, only her head breaking surface; her
tear-brimming eyes seemed unable to deviate from his face, as if her
very life hung in the balance of what she might there discern.

"Get going, cunt," growled Jack under his breath.

Still crouching, she slowly began to retreat; her eyes remained fixed on
him fearfully.  He made a small, stabbing gesture in her direction.
With a gasp she regained her feet, turned, and began rushing back toward
her friend.

Her aggressive friend's gloating voice grated on Jack's ears.  "Stay
right there you stinkin' animal.  You move an inch and your buddies are
toothpaste!"   She began to slowly back away.  "Keep moving, Kim.  Do
what I tell you and we'll have this pig castrated over a spit in no
time."


Then, the first giantess plowed into her; but instead of grabbing her
wrists and buying Jack time, she began to pummel her breasts and lifted
her knee into her friends' stomach.

Tiny human figures fell into the bay, into the churning waters
surrounding the embattled giantesses.  It was not likely that any would
survive.  White hot fury slammed Jack forward.  On reaching the clawing
and biting females his hands clamped upon the back of their throats and
he began towing their squirming forms towards shore.

On reaching shoreline the flung both females sprawling.  They
immediately began to scream at one another.

"You dizzy, brainless slut!  What the hell do you think you were doing!"

"He forced me Janet!  Please, do what he says, maybe he won't hurt us
then," pleaded the one named Kim.

"We can handle him together you cow!" schreeched Janet.  "I'll teach you
to follow MY orders," following which threat Janet rose
and slapped Kim with sufficient force to knock her back to the ground
from her newly acquired upright position.  Kim landed on her side and
groaned miserably; she looked up, her eyes swimming with tears once
more.

"Please Janet.. please don't hurt me," she begged; then, breathlessly,
she addressed Jack.  "Please sir, I've done as you said, please help
me!"

On hearing Kim's words, Janice howled her rage.  She literally flew at
Kim.. and was caught in mid-air just prior to landing upon her cowering
intended victim.   She felt herself spun around, glimpsed the soldier's
arm pistoning forward, and felt her own body double up, collapse.

Jack watched Janet's collapsed form, clutching with fluttering hands at
her belly, attempting to inhale.  He turned and gazed at Kim; sensing
his eyes upon her she lifted her upper body upon her hands and gazed up
at him fearfully.  She appeared to be displaying herself to him.

"If you value your life, female, you will not move from your current
position, " said Jack.  "Do you understand?"

"Yes sir," moaned Kim.  Her gaze broke from Jacks's and she squirmed
somewhat.  

Satisfied, Jack turned back towards Janet.  She was now able to inhale
in short gasps.  As he approaced, her eyes lifted apprehensively and she
attempted to crawl away from him.

--
