
ABDUCTED!


   ...They removed the blindfold, but not the gag.  My eyes quickly 
adjusted to the low light, and I could make out stalls, and hay.  A 
barn.  Why the fuck would they bring me to a barn?
   My captors (3 in number) were dressed all in black, and were all very  
nondescript.  I thought the tall one (under other circumstances, of 
course) could be very attractive.  The other two were too rough, not my 
type at all.
   They were totally silent, though I could see a lot of silent 
communication going on, with the eyes, the winks, the nods.  And it was 
obvious that they had something pretty wild planned for me.
   The blond guy was leading a small pony, totally black, toward a 
sling-like contraption, the use of which I had no idea.  The other two 
were holding me up, though I was in no shape to run off, what with being  
bound as I was.  Still, there was something erotic, maybe even sexy, 
about the whole abduction.
   It soon became clear to me what was about to happen, and I was 
scared.  The two big ones started to untie me, keeping a tight hold, and  
the third started to pull on straps that made up this sling into which 
they were going to place me.  I tried to struggle, but was too weak, and  
they eventually got me tied into the thing.  I was positioned faced up, 
with my legs spread and raised a bit, and my hands tied underneath me.  
The blond was greasing up my asshole with something really slick 
(crisco, I imagine) and the other two were pulling on the pony's dick, 
which was growing longer.  And longer.  My eyes grew wide, such that one  
of the thugs grinned and nudged the other.  He only looked at me 
quickly, then away.
   One of them moved between my spread legs, and replaced the blond's 
fingers with his cock.  he shoved it all the way in, causing me to moan 
at the pressure and size.  It hurt only a moment.  I was really into 
getting my ass reamed out (I wonder if they knew that?) and it started 
to feel really nice... His dick pumped in and out, and he looked quite 
happy.
   He was replaced by the blond, whose cock was thicker, but short.  It 
filled my rectum rather nicely, and I hated to have him cum almost 
immediately and pull out.  The third thug, with a long, skinny member, 
was last.  Well, not the last, actually....
   After Skinny pulled out, the three of them crouched under the pony.  
They pulled on his dick-sheath, and licked at his balls, and his 
horse-dick started to lengthen, and thicken, and hung down lower and 
lower....
   Blondie led the pony up so that he was standing over me, and 
(unfortunately) his huge dripping dick was positioned perfectly for 
penetration.  The horse seemed to need no encouragement, only a helping 
hand to find my gaping anus.  That he got from Skinny.
   The head of the big pony cock met my asshole, and pushed into me.  
The girth of the dick was incredible, and I wanted to scream out, but 
couldn't.  I was being stretched farther than ever before.  The pony's 
dick seems to twist and buck, and was going deeper and stretching me 
wider than even my largest dildo....

This is from a dream I had., this is the point where I woke up, Dammit!
If anybody would like to finish this story for me I'd sure appreciate it!

"ANIMAL LOVER".

Nack was here! 
