Archive-name: Bondage/abduct2.txt
Archive-author: The Writer
Archive-title: Abduction, The - 2


DAY FOUR
--------

I awoke with a jerk, and quickly looked around. I was no longer tied up
and was free to move around. The girls were not in the room, and I got
up and started to look for them. They were no where around! Not in the
house or outside it! Linda's car was also gone, but Cathy's van was
still there but no keys.  Not knowing just what to do, I returned to
the house, and went into the kitchen to eat. On the counter next to a
full pot of coffee, was a note.....


"Dearest Master,

You were sleeping so quietly, that we decided to make a quick trip to
the store and get some additional groceries and other items. We will be
back as soon as we can.

Most Humbly Yours,

Slave Cathy Slave Linda"



I sat there drinking my coffee and thinking....

"This is turning into a wild week! Shit, not turning, but is! The girls
were both slaves and doninatrix! I hadn't run across any like this
before. But then again, I am not into being the slave. So, now what?
Hmmmmmm. Well, today I will be in control and WILL stay that way! No
more of this waking up all tied up shit! So what to do... hmmmmm. let's
see. Cathy likes to be forced huh? Well, I can take care of that! And
Linda really doesn't like to be dominated. Cathy enjoys pain,..... well
she'll get her fill of that today! Linda doesn't like pain but she will
get just as much. Hmmmmm."

As I sat there thinking, I heard the car pull in.  Turning in my chair,
I waited for the girls to enter. The door opened, and both girls
entered with some bags of groceries. When they saw me sitting there,
they quieted up, and came on in. They put the bags on the counter, and
both fell to their knees into the correct submissive position. I looked
at them, and then decided to forbid them clothes today. I told them to
leave the room, undress, put on their wrist and ankle cuffs then to
return. Without a word, they left and I continued to drink my coffee.
When they had returned and were back on their knees, I told Cathy to
make some breakfast for me. I wanted eggs, and bacon, and coffee. Cathy
got up and started to make breakfast.  Linda I told to suck on me a bit
to get me in the mood for later. I sat there, watching Cathy work, with
Linda's hot mouth working on my cock. She was fondling my balls, and
taking every bit of my dick into her mouth. Long slow strokes. Cathy
meanwhile had the skillet going and put some bacon strips in it.  When
she reached for an apron, I stopped her!

"Listen you dumb slave!" I said. "I told you not to wear anything this
entire day! that goes for aprons too."

"Yes Master." she said. "But the bacon grease will splatter, and it is
hot!"

"Now that's just too damn bad! And make sure that you don't burn my
food."

Cathy returned to cooking, and when the bacon started to sizzle, I
could see her jerk each time a drop of grease hit her.  It just added
to my arousal! What with Linda's mouth making my cock feel so good.
When Cathy said that breakfast was ready, I pushed Linda away, and
moved to the table. I had Cathy get in position to my right, and told
Linda to get under the table and continue sucking. Long about halfway
thru breakfast, I started to cum in linda's mouth. She never missed a
stroke either! She continued to suck hard on my bucking dick and
swallow as fast as she could. This was great! A good breakfast and two
lovely slaves for pleasure.

After breakfast and another cup of coffee, I went to the main room and
called the girls to me.

"I am going for a short walk now." I said. "By the time I return, you
will clean up the kitchen, and both take a hot shower. After the
shower, Slave linda will tie Slave Cathy face down on the bed. I want
her ass raised with pillows, and Linda will be kneeling next to the
bed."

"Yes Master" they both replied.

I wandered around the area for quite some time. Thinking about what I
was going to do. Along the way, I came across a young birch tree and
cut a couple of switches. Long, thin, limber switches. By the time I
had returned to the cabin, I was sure the girls were ready and I had
planned what I was going to do.

When I walked into the bed room Cathy was tied to the bed and her ass
was high. I walked next to it, and ran my hand over its smooth cheeks.
Up and down her legs and brushing her pussy too. I had Linda bring the
large dildo. I put it in Cathy's mouth and told her to suck on it. When
it was wet, I had Linda hold Cathy's cheeks apart and then pushed it a
ways up her asshole. Cathy yelped as it went in, but otherwise laid
still.  Stepping aside, I handed Linda the thin birch branch. I told
her to begin whipping Cathy starting at the knees and then up to her
shoulders. Each time I felt that she was not hitting Cathy hard enough,
I would give her two strokes.

Linda started in. SNAP...SNAP....SNAP.....SNAP...SNAP.

"Stop." I said. "Linda, you aren't doing that hard enough. Assume your
position in front of me."  When she did, I gave her two hard lashes but
not on the ass. One on each breast!  The birch left a long thin welt on
the sides of each breast.  Each stroke brought a yelp and tears to her
eyes. Then I told her to continue with Cathy. This time, she whipped
her with a will. It took her 30 strokes to reach Cathy's ass. Another
30 to reach her shoulders. By now, the strokes were less hard, not
because she was being gentle, but her arm was wearing out. Cathy had
started to howl about the 10th stroke. By the 30th, she was screaming.
By then time Linda finished, Cathy was limp and only moaning in pain. I
had Linda release Cathy, and turn her on her back. Once there, I
directed Linda to lick Cathy's pussy and to suck on her clit! It seemed
to take only a few seconds before cathy began to respond! At first a
low moan, then more and louder. Cathy's hands came around and held
Linda head and mouth against her pussy. Cathy started to thrust her
hips into Linda face. I could see that she was close to cumming. Even
Linda was moaning a bit.

I yelled at them to quit! They were so involved that I had to lash
linda a couple of times to make her stop. Once she did I gave them new
instructions. This time Linda was to be tied to the bed, and Cathy was
to whip her! But! Linda was to be tied face up!

Linda did not want it! in fact, she begged not to. But I moved over,
and held her wrists while Cathy fastened them to the headboard. Then
came the ankles. With her tied like this, Linda pussy was raised high
and I could see it glisten. I gave the birch to Cathy and told her to
start at Lindas thighs and continue to her breasts! Cathy was still
aroused, but she remembered how Linda had whipped her. She started with
powerful strokes and continued on. Linda on yelped a bit when it was
her legs being hit, but when the birch struck hard on her exposed
pussy, a loud scream rent the room. I could see that Cathy was getting
hotter and hotter from whipping the helpless Linda. She gave Linda
another 6 or 8 strokes right on the pussy before moving on. Each time
Linda screamed more, and tried to avoid the next stroke. But the cuffs
held her. 10 more strokes brought Cathy to lindas nipples. The first
stroke on her nipples and Linda screamed and bounced so hard I thought
the cuffs would break. I was surprised to see that the nipples were
even harder!  Two more strokes and linda started to thrust her hips as
high as she could. When I told cathy to stop and to lick Linda, she
practically jumped onto the bed and shoved her face in Linda cunt! As
soon as Linda felt the tongue on her clit, she started to thrash around
and moan. Her moans were loud and seemed to go on forever. Cathy
meanwhile had slipped a finger into her own pussy and was licking Linda
and fingering herself at the same time. I gave her a hard lash on the
ass and told her to stop.  She put her hand back up to linda cunt, but
tried to rub her own pussy against the bed.

Climbing onto the bed between Cathy's legs, I nudged the head of my
cock against Cathy's asshole. I pushed until the head slipped inside
her and then waited. Then without warning, I thrust forward deep into
her hot ass! As I slammed into her asshole, Cathy let out a muffled
shriek! I continued to plow into her ass and she was pushing back at
me! Every time I stroked into her, she bucked back, When I slammed deep
into her, the force of the thrust would push her face up against linda
muff!

The first to cum was linda. Her hips were bouncing around and her
screams were of pure pleasure! Then I started to spurt my hot cum into
Cathy's ass. The first spurt seemed to set Cathy off! she screamed into
the pussy in her face, and this set off Linda again. Spurt after spurt
I sent into her hot ass, until finally I was empty! When I pulled out
of Cathy ass, her asshole stayed open for a bit. I released Lindas
cuffs and her clean up Cathy with her tongue. At the same time, I had
cathy clean up my cock with her mouth. Soon we were clean and well worn
out. And here it was only 2  in the afternoon.  What a day!

By 6 that night, I was ready to go again. Both the girls were sore from
earlier, so instead of more whipping, I gave them a chance. I had Linda
kneel in front of me, and begging sucking on my cock. Cathy was between
lindas legs licking her pussy. The chance was this I told them. If
linda could suck me off before cathy made her cum, I would whip Cathy.
But if Linda came first, I would whip Linda. Linda grabbed my cock and
sucked for all she was worth! She played with my balls and took my cock
past the back of her mouth and into her throat! Cathy meanwhile was
licking and sucking on Lindas pussy and clit! Each girl was doing the
absolute best they could. It was a close thing, but Linda started to
cum a moment before I did! As I hosed her throat with my cum, she kept
bucking into Cathys face. As I finished, I had Linda lick off my cock
then lick Cathy to an orgasm. As I sat there and watched Linda at work
on cathy, I noticed that linda's pussy had not been shaved!  When she
was done, I had Cathy tie her to the bed face up. Instead of whipping
her, I proceeded to shave her pussy bare! Oh, I pulled a couple of
hairs out by hand, but most I shaved off. I then had Linda released and
we all went back to the main room. I was getting tired by then, but I
still did not want to wake up in the morning all tied down. So....
Telling them that I was ready once more, I had them stay kneeling while
I went to the storage room. In there I found an old broom handle. I cut
a 14 inch length. I used some sand paper to make sure that the ends
were smooth. Then finding a board that was nearly two feet wide and six
foot long I returned to the main room. I had Linda get on her hands and
knees. I put some KY Jelly on the ends of one of the handles then
pushed it into Linda pussy. I had Cathy also get on her hands and knees
and back into linda. As she got near, I guided the handle into her
pussy as well. The girls were butt to butt. Each had about 7 inches of
broom handle in their pussy!  The taking some rope, I tied their thighs
together.  I put the board across their backs and tied them to the
board. I wrapped rope around and around them. When I was done, the
broom handle kept their ass's together, and the board prevented them
from moving apart or aside. I ran one last length of rope from cathy's
wrist cuffs to lindas wrist cuffs. Kissing each of them on the cheek, I
laid them on their sides and went to bed. If they could get out of
this, I deserved to be tied up!



DAY FIVE --------

 Today when I woke up, I was not tied. Stretching slowly, I go up and
walked to the main room. The girls were still tied, and were asleep on
their sides. I could see that they had tried to escape, but without
success. I patted each of them on the ass and they soon woke up. I
quickly untied them, and let them up. When I walked into the kitchen
they followed. I had them get on their knees and talked to them.

"Today will be different that the last few days." I told them. "Today
we will act as tho everything was usual, and we may even go somewhere
for dinner. How's that sound to you?"

They looked at each other and Cathy replied. "Whatever you desire our
Master."

"OK, let me put it this way. Until I call you 'Slave', there will be no
more master, or anything. You will both go take a bath and get dressed,
then come back for breakfast.  Understood?"

"Yes master." They said, and quickly left. I soon heard the sound of
water running, and went and listened at the door. I could hear them
laughing and giggling together. When they returned, I had Cathy make
breakfast, and then we all ate. While eating we talked about what to
do. Both girls agreed that they needed a rest before any further
activities. We decided to go to an amusement park that was an hour
away. We piled into the van, and started off. After about 30 minutes on
the way, I told Linda that I needed some attention. She didn't do
anything until I called her by Slave. Then she snuggled next to me, and
open my trousers. She popped out my dick and began sucking on it. Cathy
sat in the passenger seat and watched. Once in a while she would let
her tongue lick her lips and she seemed a bit flushed. When I came into
Lindas mouth. I felt great! This was going to be a wonderful day. After
Linda cleaned me off, and zipped up my trousers, I told the two of them
to go in back and enjoy themselves. Both were off in a flash! They were
laying down on the carpet and touching and kissing. In a few minutes,
they had stripped and were sixtynining! I could hear their slurping and
sucking as they pleasured each other. They took their time, and both
came in each others arms. By the time we arrived, they were still
getting dressed and were still flushed. We parked the van and went in.
We had a great day! We rode all the rides, and ate hot dogs and drank
coke. We laughed and played and enjoyed ourselves the entire time. Just
before we left, I ran into a friend of mine. John and I had known each
other since we were kids. When I invited him to spend the night with us
at the cabin, both Linda and Cathy started to frown. They got me aside
and told me that they didn't like the idea. They had too much to lose,
and wanted no part of John. I agreed with them and said that I would
tell john that I was sorry but another time.

John didn't seem too happy about it, but we soon all left. John going
his way, and us back to the cabin. Once back at the cabin, we had a
nice dinner, and then were watching some T.V.

"Slaves." I said. "I think it has been a wonderful day, and to top it
off, I have a couple of ideas that I am sure you will like! So go take
a bath then return and get in your positions.

While they were cleaning up, I got undressed, and brought the dildos,
rope and nipple clamps into the main room.  When they returned, I had
them put on their cuffs and kneel. I put one clamp on each of their
nipples. Then I led them to the bedroom and had them get on the bed
with their backs to each other. Then I put the ends from ones clamp to
the others nipple.
 The two of them were now connected by the chains between the nipple
clamps. If either of them tried to pull away, the chains would tighten,
and force the clamps to tighten on their tender nipple flesh. I snapped
their wrist cuffs together, and the same for the ankle cuffs. I played
with their breasts and pussys for a while and saw that they were
getting wet. I took a dildo and pushed it into each of there cunts! I
turned on the vibrators that were built into the dildos, then left the
room.

As I entered the main room, I heard gravel being crunched by a cars
tires. I knew that John had arrived! This would prove to be an
interesting night. I had given John directions on how to get here, and
he was more than willing.  After all, these two women were going to
wear me out. I needed help, and besides, I always wanted to try
screwing a girl in the ass, while another guy was screwing her in the
cunt. A steak sandwich! Yes, tonight was going to be great!

THE END

-- 
