
From ddail@efn.org Wed Oct 18 00:03:38 1995
From: que?
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: crys-02.txt Mf pedo "Crystal pt2" repost
Date: Sat, 14 Oct 1995 22:48:59 GMT
Message-ID: <45peoa$r7o@ixnews2.ix.netcom.com>

Archive-name: Family/crys-02.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Crystal - Chapter 2


     All the rest of the day, I couldn't get my mind off that young
girl.  Even that night, as my wife and I made love, I couldn't stop
thinking of that tender body, so vulnerable.  Suddenly my wife's body
was not appealing, the large breasts, the wider hips.  The woman I had
loved for years, who had never failed to turn me on, suddenly did
nothing for me.
     The day rose Sunday to a beautiful morning, warm and dry.  My
wife went to visit her parents as she does every Sunday morning.  No
sooner did the car leave the drive than ther was a knock at the back
door.  My heart jumped because I knew who it was.
     Standing at the back door, wearing shorts and a t-shirt was my
child-lover.  She smiled as I opened the door and let her in.  Without
saying a word, we embraced and I found myself passionately wanting
her.  Still silent I swept her up in my arms and we headed directly to
the guest bedroom.  Arriving there, I lifted her shirt above her head,
coming to realize that she was naked underneath.  Quickly I moved to
remove the shorts she wore, again gazing at the unviolated opening
that lay below her naval.
     Neither of us spoke as I quickly got undressed and urged her to
the bed.  I lay down nearly on top of her and felt her cool skin
against me.  Kissing her, my fingers found there way between her legs
and began to massage her gently.  I could hear (almost feel) slight
purring sounds coming from her young body and I felt a slight, cool
sweat break out across her chest.  It wasn't until I had slid down her
slim body that I heard her ask what I was doing.
    "Just lay back and relax," I whispered back.
    Laying between my young lovers legs, I gazed at the sight before
me.  Crystal was obviously excited as the dampness that clung to the
sparce hair between her legs testified.  Slowly, inhaling the sweet
odor of her youth as I moved, I let my tongue find its way between the
set of lips that held closed.  I felt her give a slight shiver as I
came to make contact with the tiny head of her clitoris.  Within
seconds my child was breathing heavily and eagerly reaching her hips
upward, inviting my probes.
    I continued massaging the area with my tongue, spreading her lips
apart with my fingers to gain better access.  It had been a long time
since I had practiced oral sex on anyone other than my wife and I had
forgotten the sweet taste of adolescence.  Not at all musky, the
fragrance had an actual sweetness to it and the taste was entirely
different than I was used to.
    After several minutes of this, I tore myself away to back up her
body and we kissed deeply, her tongue once again probing inside my
mouth.  My cock was now stiff as a board and I pressed hard against
her skin with it, rubbing it slightly against her.
    "I won't become pregnant, will I?" she asked me softly.  I almost
smiled at her innocence.
    "No, I had that fixed a couple years ago," I responded.  (I had
undergone the vasectomy route a few years back.)
    With that one question answered, she seemed to relax even more and
I cautiously placed the head of my cock against her still closed
opening.  Ever so slowly (trying to keep myself under control) I let
the head slip inside her lower lips.  I heard a slight gasp come from
her lips and I stopped my entry.
    "Hon, this will probably hurt for a second or two," I cautioned
her softly.  "But then it'll be like nothing you've ever felt."
    "I know," she replied, "It's OK."
    Again I began to press myself against her.  With a free hand I
softly massaged her upper pubic area, around her clit (avoiding  too
much pressure).  Slowly she gave way to me.  I could feel her
expanding to fit me and each move I made was a mixture of agony and
pleasure for her.  Nothing she had ever encountered had prepared her
for this moment.
    Finally, I was half way there and I slowly withdrew partially
until only the head was left in.  Looking down, my sweet thing had her
eyes closed tightly and was biting down on her lower lip.  I stared at
her beautiful face as I slowly started to re-enter her.  This time,
her natural lubrication was taking effect and I could feel her begin
to loosen somewhat.
    As I reached the halfway point, I again slowly withdrew and again
slowly re-entered.  This time again, it seemed easier on her than the
previous time.  Now though I continued my entry.  Watching her face, I
could tell she was still uncomfortable (though she had made no sounds
of "pain" at all, simply a few soft grunts).  Not stopping, I
continued pressing myself into her until I felt the head of my cock
touch something hard deep inside of her body.
    At that point, she opened her eyes and saw me staring at her.
Smiling she gripped my shoulders and began moving her hips back and
forth, letting me slide slowly and slightly in and out of her.  I
could tell from the look in her eyes that she was actually starting to
enjoy herself.  I was more or less in a trance myself, feeling myself
inside this youngster, being held tighter than I had ever been before.
I was determined to make this last as long as humanly possible but the
excitement of the event overcame me.
    I felt the need to explode begin to overwhelm me and I began to
plunge myself into my young lovers body.  Faster and faster I felt
myself moving (it was almost as if I was in a dream sequence, viewing
myself from across the room).  All the while, Crystal hung onto my
shoulders, trying to accomodate as best she could.  No longer
completely silent, I heard grunts each time I pressed myself into her.
    Before long, I had completely lost the control that I so much
wanted to maintain and I roughly slammed into her, time after time.
She continued holding me tightly.  It was only a matter of a few more
moments before I slammed firmly into her and began to come.  I'm not
sure that she knew exactly what was going on or whether her actions
was simply a coincidence.  But it was precisely at that moment that
she reached her head up and bit down hard on my shoulder.  The
combination of pain from that bite and the pleasure from my cock's
release intensified the moment.  I had heard and read about seeming to
"come forever" but had never believed or understood what was meant.
Now I knew.
    Finlly the twitching in my cock stopped and I began to relax.  My
young lover maintained her hold on me as I rolled slowly to my side,
still locked like with a vise inside of her tiny body.  Her body was
drenched with sweat, beads of persperation clung to her face and
chest.  I kissed her softly and heard a slight sigh escape her lips as
I did.
    Slowly I pulled my cock from its place and felt the muscles of her
lower abdomen and upper thighs begin to relax.  Still, she maintained
her tight grip on me.  I felt my cock slowly slide out from her and
heard a slight "plop" as it dropped out.  Looking down, I saw a slight
smear of red on its head.
    I had made love to my first virgin ever.  (My wife was experienced
already when we married.)  We held onto each other for several minutes
and I suppose we fell asleep because the next time I looked at the
clock it had been over two hours since she had made her appearance at
my door.  Quietly and carefully I disentangled myself from her grip
and pulled myself to my feet.  My sleeping beauty looked just like
one.  Looking down her body I realized just how small and fragile a
young thing she was.  As my eyes reached her lower regions I saw
obvious smears of blood all along her upper thighs.  It was also
obvious that I had filled her cavity completely with fluid because a
huge wet stain smeared the bed under her prone body.
    I nudged my lover slightly and she opened her eyes, smiling.  It
was by far the most beautiful sight I had ever seen.  I urged her to
her feet and she made off to the bathroom where I told her to shower.
When she came out she was dressed in the shorts and t-shirt she had
worn in.  We kissed briefly and she told me she had to be home by
three because her folks were going out for the evening and she had to
get dropped off at a friends house.  Everything was so matter of fact.
    She was so casual about everything that had happened that I asked
her when we would see each other again.  (I feel kind of foolish even
saying that I asked such a boorish question.)  She looked at me and
said without hesitation, "Next time your wife isn't home silly!"
    With that she was gone and I must admit that I couldn't wait for
her return.  I was like a teenager again myself, in love for seemingly
the first time.  That evening I couldn't bring myself to make love to
my wife.  Her breasts were just too large, her body just too big.  We
didn't speak at all about it, we simply turned off the light.  Sleep
came quickly and I found myself sporting a huge erection as I dozed
off dreaming of my young love.

--



