Archive-name: Bondage/bottle.txt
Archive-author: John Sellers
Archive-title: John, Carole and a Bottle


I wouldn't want you to get the wrong idea. My wife and I are not
always getting up to 'unusual activities' but we decided when we
first got married that we should work hard to keep some sparkle
in our sex life... hence the 'games'. About 4 or 5 times a year
(it used to be more often) we act out our fanasies and really go
to town. This particular event happened about 18 months ago and
to the best of my recollections what happened was this... I'd got
home from work about 7:00 and usual sat down to my tea. My son
was already in bed and Carole (my wife) sat watching me with a
permanent grin on her face. I finished my tea and went into the
living room, my wife followed still smiling. "Ok", I said,
"What's up?". "I wondered whether you were in the mood for a
game?", she replied. "Whose turn is it? (to choose the plot)", I
asked. "Mine", she said gleefully. "You've got something
planned", I said. "What's the matter, lost your bottle?", she
said scornfully. Bottle!, then I remembered, in our last game I'd
forced her to take most of a half pint beer bottle up her cunt,
she reckoned it had hurt her (anyone would think I'd left the top
on) and she said she was going to get even. "Well?", she asked.
"Ok then", I said, "What's it to be?". "First you've got to
promise not to go back on your word", she said. "I promise now
put me out of my misery", I replied, wishing immediately that I
hadn't said that last bit. "Well first I want you undressed", she
said. "Where?", I asked. "Here", she said, "in the living room,
by the fire". Well that sounded fair enough so I stripped off.
"What now?", I enquired. "Now", she said wickedly, "I want to tie
your hands behind your back and your feet together". "What for?",
I asked. "Do you want to play this game or not", she snapped.
"Alright, alright", I said, "tie away". From the bureau she
produced two lengths of thick orange nylon rope. 'She's been
cutting up my tow rope' I thought as she came over and tied my
hands and feet firmly. Then she left the room for a few minutes
and as I laid there completely helpless I wondered what I had let
myself in for. Presently the door opened and she entered wearing
only a pair of long leather boots and a studded leather belt
round her waist. Then I noticed she was carrying that beer bottle
and a glass. "Like a drink?", she said pouring a little into the
glass, IT WAS YELLOW!!. "If thats what I think it is, no thanks",
I replied. "Well we'll have to see whether you're a good boy,
wont we?", she said putting the bottle and glass on the coffee
table. She came over to me and sat on my stomach facing my feet.
"Call that a prick?", she said flicking it with her fingers.
"Give me a chance", I said, "I havent had a chance to get worked
up yet". "I've seen bigger matchsticks", she continued, waggling
it from side to side (Great sense of humour my wife, anyone who
didn't know me intimately would think I only had a small one).
Then Carole reached over and squeezed my balls so hard I cried
out. "If your prick isn't hard by the time I count to ten I'll
squeeze them even harder", she said in a harsh voice. As she
counted I closed my eyes and thought of Kim Wilde, she was naked
and just about to close her mouth around my cock. "5...6...7,
thats better", Carole said, "signs of life at last, but you'll
have to do better than that". Now Samantha Fox had joined Kim and
was just about squat over my face. "9...10", she continued,
"well, its not as hard as I would have liked, but it'll do".
Carole then reached under the sofa cushion and pulled out a roll
of thread, which she proceeded to wind round my cock 5 or 6
times, leaving about 14 inches hanging loose (the thread I mean,
not my cock). Turning to face me she said "Right, you snivelling
little wanker, this is where I start to REALLY enjoy myself". Her
face had lost all trace of humour and she looked angry and hard.
Kneeling directly above my face she said "You can start by eating
my pussy". Craning my neck I reached up and ran my tongue the
length of her slit. She sat back on my chest and slapped me with
all her might around the face. "You useless bastard", she
snapped, "Is that the best you can do, LICK ME HARD". She
positioned herself above my face again but not near enough. I
pushed up and forced my tongue deep inside her hot hole. As I did
so she moaned and some of her juices ran down my tongue and into
my mouth. My prick now was reaching its full potential and the
thread was cutting into it causing me great pain. This resulted
in a lapse in concentration and I stopped licking Caroles cunt.
She sat back and WHACK, my face stung again as she slapped me.
"You're a dirty little cunt-sucking fucker. What are you?", she
asked. "The thread was cutting into..", I began, trying to
explain. WHACK.. WHACK. This time I received a slap on each
cheek. She had fire in her eyes and I knew I would have to obey.
"I'm a dirty little cunt-sucking fucker", I said meekly. For the
first time in a while she smiled, but it was a wry smile, she was
really enjoying my pain. She positioned herself again and began
playing with her nipples (her nipples are so sensitive she can
bring herself off just by touching them alone). I lifted my head
to continue my service but she reached down and pushed it back to
the floor with a thump. "When I tell you to.. not until". I was
grateful that the pain had at least lessened my ardour and the
excruciating pain I had felt in my cock. Moving her hands down to
her cunt she teased her clit then opened the lips, causing
several drops of juice to splatter onto my face. She looked down,
smiling at her handywork and said "Ok, now lick me really hard".
I pushed up and licked her clitoris. "HARDER", she yelled. I
tried but she just wasn't close enough. She reached behind my
head and forced me hard against her cunt. "STUFF YOUR TONGUE UP
ME.. HARD", she urged. I couldn't breathe I was dying!. Did she
realise she was killing me?. I had to say the code word to make
her stop, but all I could manage was "mmmpppppfffff". "Do it
right or I wont let you breathe", she said. I forced my tongue
out further than I had ever done and reached depths of her body I
never thought possible. "Ooooohhhh", she said with deep
satisfaction and released my head. Her juices covered my face, in
my eyes, up my nose, matting my hair and the amount that
collected in my mouth as I struggled for breath took two large
gulps to swallow. "Thats the first time you've made me cum with
your tongue", she said softly. "You nearly killed me there", I
said, "I'm glad thats over". "OVER!!", she said, the harshness
returning, "I'm not finished with you yet boy. I've been planning
this for days there's lots more to do". I couldn't believe it, in
the past she had always lost interest after she had cum. "Whats
next", I asked. "Well", she replied "you know how I like my
arsehole tickled, I had planned that you were going to bring me
off with your tongue up there but I couldn't wait. Still never
mind, you can still tongue me". With that she turned round and
squatted over my mouth. Reaching behind her she parted the cheeks
of her bum and told me to lick. "Ooohhh", she said as my tongue
flicked up and down, "thats niccceee". She squirmed around then
sat firmly on my face, I could just about breathe. "Push it up",
she squealed, "I want to feel it inside me". I tried but she was
too tight. She got off of my face and turned round. "Now you've
disappointed me", she said with a wicked glint in her eye, "Its
drinky time". With the she took the bottle off of the table. "Now
thats going a bit too far", I said. The pain returned to my
prick. She had grabbed hold of the loose end and yanked it. "Ok",
I said, "You win". She squatted with her cunt just over my mouth
and with one hand parted the lips. "Open wide", she said pulling
on the thread to make sure I obeyed. I opened my mouth and she
poured the contents of the bottle over her clit, down her slit
and into my mouth. It was LIMEADE. I hate the stuff I think piss
would have been preferable. "You've got off easy this time", she
said, "Next time You may not be so lucky". "Is that it?", I
asked. "Nope", she said, "turn over. I want you to finger me". I
turned onto my stomach and she positioned herself over my hands.
"Rub my clitoris gently or its the strap for you". I turned to
see that she had taken off the studded belt and was holding it
menacingly over my buttocks. I moved a finger up and prodded her
in a sensitive spot "OUCH" she said bringing the belt down over
my arse. 'Snap' I thought no longer caring. "Can't you do
anything right", she snapped, "I can see that you havent learnt
your lesson". Believe me, trying to gently rub a clitoris with
your hands tied behind your back, not being able to see where the
damn thing is and with pain wracking your body is not an easy
thing to do. It would make a doozy section for the Krypton
Factor, better than those stupid puzzles they do. Another good
one would be reciting a nursery rhyme while your face is inserted
up a sopping chuff... where was I.. Oh yes. Well after a few
unsucessful prods Carole was really loosing her temper. "Rotten
bastard", she said, "You're doing it on purpose. I've got just
the punishment for you". I waited for the stab of pain but to my
horror I felt the rim of the bottle top pressing against the rim
of my arsehole. "NO", I yelled tensing my arse. "See how you like
a bottle up YOU", she said pushing hard. I was fighting a loosing
battle and my sphincter muscle was fading fast. Bit by painful
bit the bottle went in till it reached the wide part. "Thats
enough, it wont go any further", I offered. "I took a lot more up
me", she answered and continued pushing. That was it I couldn't
take anymore she was ripping me apart. I screamed the code word
and she stopped. "Sorry", she said, "Have I gone too far?". I
laughed at the innocence of the question. "I can't take any more
of that bottle", I said. "Do you want to stop the game?", she
asked. "No", I answered, "I've come this far, I'll see it
through. Just remove that bloody bottle". She removed the bottle
and turned me over onto my back. "Just one more thing", she said.
"What's that", I asked. "Where's my fuck", she replied. I looked
at the pathetic limp object between my legs and said "No chance".
"I thought of that", she said, "I've a little story for you".
Carole does know how to tell a good sexy story. "Guess who I went
to see this morning?", she said. "Who?", I asked. "Julie", she
said. Now Julie is our niece, she was 17 and georgeous and Carole
knew I had the hots for her. "I got her out of bed. Did you know
she sleeps only in a pair of knickers?. She's getting a very big
girl, her tits are larger than mine.. and so firm and proud". It
was working, my cock was finding a new lease of life. She
continued, "We chatted while she got dressed. You'd have loved to
have seen what I saw when she took those knickers off. The cutest
arse.. and that cunny of hers.. it looked so sweet I wouldn't
have minded a taste myself". I winced as I realised the thread
was still wound round my cock, and it was starting to pull tight
again. "Yes", she went on, "when she sat down and lifted her leg
to put a clean pair of knickers on her cute little cunt parted
and it was so pinky and moist. I even caught a whiff of it, most
delightful. If only you could have been there and seen it, You
would have creamed your jeans. By now I had a raging hard-on and
Carole mounted it. "Arghhh", I yelled as the pain got more
intense, "You'll do me a serious damage". "Trust me", she said,
"Remember I'm a nurse". "Did they teach you this at college or
did you pick it up on the ward", I quipped. "I nearly forgot the
best bit", she said, "I brought back a souvenier for you". Again
she reached under the sofa cushion and this time she produced a
pair of knickers. "I retrieved them from Julie's linen basket,
they're the one's she was wearing last night, she'll never miss
them". "Aaarrrggghhh", I yelled again as my cock reached bursting
point. "And just look at these stains", she said showing me the
crotch, "Looks as if Julie was a very naughty girl last night.
Here enjoy yourself", she said placing the crotch over my nose
and mouth. The conflict of pain and pleasure was indescribable.
"Oooohhhh", Carole moaned getting more and more worked up, "Your
prick feels just like one of those ribbed dildos" (I never even
knew she'd ever experienced a ribbed dildo). Luckily Carole didn't
need much stimulation and with a cry of "Fuck me, fuck me, ooooh
yes, thats ittt, I'm coming, I'm cominggg, NOW, AAHH, FUCK, FUCK,
FUCK, AAAAHHHhhhh" (she's got a way with words). She climaxed for
the second time that night and collapsed. "Please take that
thread off", I wimpered. "Sorry darling", she said lovingly,
easing herself off of my prick. Soon she had released the thread
and my bonds and looking up at me said "You just lick on those
knicks babe, think of Julie's lovely little cunt and leave the
rest to me. She then lowered her mouth over my aching prick. It
didn't take long with all of those sensations taking control of my
body and within seconds I had the most violent orgasm and shot so
hard and long into Carole's mouth that her head jerked back with
the force. Quietly she took the bottle and dribbled the spunk
into it thinking I hadn't spotted her. Handing me the bottle she
said "Here darling why don't you finish the limeade". "You don't
catch me that easy babe", I replied, "But I think you forgot
where that bottle's been when you put your mouth round it just
now".

I can still remember the look on her face.. and thinking to
myself 'There is justice after all'.

--
