Archive-name: 3plus/4some.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Foursome


We had met Carol and Jim at the party on Friday night.  They
seemed like such a cute couple.  We exchanged phone numbers and
promised to get together for dinner and good conversation in the
near future. You really thought Carol was cute and frankly I did
too.  I guess I've always wanted to make love to a woman and she
was just the type that attracted me...small, cute, beautifully
shaped breasts...she seemed like a little doll.  We even
fantasized with each other before we went to sleep that
night...but it was just fantasy. The next day Carol called and
invited us over to their mountain home for some nice
conversation.  Somehow as we drove up the hill, I had a funny
sense of anticipation...this was not going to be a normal type of
get together.  When we arrived, Carol answered the door and was
clad only in a short terrycloth robe and had on white lace
stockings and white bikini pants.  Her robe was not pulled
tightly around her and when she leaned forward I could see the
nipples on her beautiful breasts.  She invited us into the living
room where Jim was sitting also in a robe.  I had the feeling
that he had nothing on underneath.  Carol showed us around their
beautiful home and then we all sat in the living room talking.
Jim then uncrossed his legs and let his robe fall partially open.
I caught sight of a beautifl huge cock that was semi erect.
Carol was sitting by you and I noticed that as she talked she
would occasionally put her hand on your leg and stroke upwards
towards your groin.  I could tell that you were getting excited
and wondering what they had in mind.  Carol then got up and
turned the TV/vidio on and there was a really sexy X-rated movie
playing.  Carol and Jim began to comment on the scenes and
talking about their fantasies.  Then they asked us what ours
were. I found myself telling them that I had always wanted to
make love to another woman....I felt that I really understood the
female body and could please a woman...maybe even better than a
man.  With that I saw Jim open his legs further and move his hand
down to stroke his cock.  It seemed that the thought of two women
making love really turned him on.  Carol said "ooooooh...that
sounds like fun"!  Carol then suggested that I come upstairs with
her while she checked on something.  When we got upstairs, she
invited me to change into a robe she had and to take a shower if
I wanted to.  By now I was sure that something was going to
happen but I didn't know how far everything would go.  I was
tired and decided that the shower would give me a few minutes to
collect my thoughts.  I stood under the warm, running water and
tried to imagine making love to her and possibly being made love
to by Jim.  It sounded exciting and taboo.  I finally stepped out
of the shower and as I was drying off, I caught sight of Carol
watching me in the mirror.  She came over to me, took the towel,
and began to gingerly dry me off taking great time and pleasure
in rubbing my breasts.  Then she lowered her head an$ began
sucking on them with great passion.  I could feel myself getting
instantly dripping wet.  She then handed me a robe and suggested
that we join you and Jim downstairs.  I wondered what you two
guys had been talking about while we were gone. You were still
fully dressed and Carol went over immediately to you and began
undoing your shirt.  Your wonderful hairy chest looked so good in
the subdued lighting and I could see the buldge in your pants
begin to rise.  Jim meanwhile joined me on the thick, plush
carpet and opened my robe.  He began to suck on my breasts and
his hands quickly found my wet pussy.  He quickly entered it and
began to rub my "G" spot with an intensity that I thought would
make me come immediately.  By now Carol had you down to your cute
bikini shorts and when she lowered those, I saw your wonderful,
huge cock was sticking straight out and fully erect.  She sat you
down on the couch and then kneeled between your legs.  She took
your wonderful cock between her lips and then began to suck on
you with a passion. I saw your eyes close and thought that you
were so excited you might come too quickly.  Then you opened your
eyes and looked at me....I smiled to let you know that strangely
I didn't feel jealous but instead was really enjoying watching your
reaction to this cute woman enjoying your wonderful cock.
Meanwhile...Jim was going down on me and he really knew what he
was doing.  But I didn't want to come yet...I wanted to make all
this excitement last a little longer.  Suddenly Carol stopped and
stood up.  She led you over to us and you both laid down next to
Jim and I.  Then she mounted you on top and you slipped your very
erect penis inside of her.  She began to move very slowly and
then began to pick up speed.  She moved her hips faster and
faster and you closed your eyes in ecxtasy.  I knew you were
close to coming.
                               
I saw her hips move faster and faster and then I saw your back
arch up as you began to shoot all your wonderful love juices into
her. You moaned loudly as the energies flowed into her.  Then I
saw your body totally relax as she still sat astride you.  I knew
she hadn't come yet. Carol then looked over at Jim and I and
leaned down to take a breast of mine into her sweet mouth.  You
then got up and came to the other side of me.  Each of you had
one of my breasts in your mouth while Jim frantically sucked and
licked my clit.  I had never had such exciting sexual
attention....but all I could think of was making love to Carol.
I finally rolled over and gently pushed Carol onto her back.  I
briefly kissed her sweet breasts then lowered myself between her
legs.  I began to slowly and sensously kiss her clitoris. I knew
that you and Jim were watching us intently and Jim moved where I
could see him begin to stroke his now erect penis.  Soon he moved
behind me and positioned himself against me.  He reached down and
placed his wonderfully hard penis inside of me and immediately
began hard, deep thrusting.  You came over and began to kiss
Carol's lips and breasts while I continued to kiss her sweet,
small pussy.  Soon she began to moan and she was thrusting her
wetness upwards into my face.  I felt and tasted her juices all
over my lips, cheeks and chin.  Suddenly she let out a very loud
moan and lifted up.  Her whole body seemed momentarily rigid and
then she began to shudder. Then it seemed she couldn't be
still...I increased the intensity of my tongue on her clit and
she began wildly moving around in an effort to escape the intense
feelings of pleasure and almost pain of cumming and pressure on
her clit.  I wouldn't stop.  Finally she relaxed and fell back on
the carpet.  Soon I felt Jim increasing his speed and hardness
and then I felt his hot wet juices squirting into my wet pussy.
I looked at you and saw that watching Jim fuck me was really
exciting to you.  You leaned down and started kissing my lips as
Jim finished me in that doggy fashioned style.  When Jim layed
down also exhausted, you mounted me and put my legs up on your
shoulders.  You began to drive your cock deep into me with such a
speed and passion as we have never known.  I reached up and began
to squeeze your nipples....your eyes closed in exctasy and I knew
you were very close to coming.  I felt my own passions rising and
then I felt my nipples get hard and I began to come.  My hips
were frantically rising up to meet yours as you continued to
pound into me.  I came longer and harder than I have ever come
before and I knew that the sounds of my moans were driving you to
a peak of excitement. Then I heard you begin to whisper my name.
I squeezed your nipples even harder and I could feel you start to
shoot your wonderful love juices into me.  It felt hot and wet
and I was surprised how wet we both were.  We all laid back
exhausted and started to laugh. It felt so good and so right.  We
all just laid together and hugged each other. Later that night
when we left, we promised to call each other for another get
together very soon.

--
