Archive-name: Bondage/boss02.txt
Archive-author: Dr. Phil
Archive-title: Boss, The - Part 2


  Michele took a small placard she had made and attached it to the
side of the cart. It read: "Our Founder". True to Michele's
promises, Maryanne was kept like that all day long. Most of the men
and, surprisingly, even a few of the women volunteered to take
shifts teasing Maryanne's ass. While the rest of the office went
back to work the person on duty stood beside the squirming nude
body of their former boss and worked her to the edge, over and over
and over. They'd insert their finger into her asshole and jiggle it
around, laughing as the hapless woman squirmed and begged for
relief. When it looked like she was close to orgasm they'd withdraw
and watch her continue to wiggle. Every three minutes the vibrator
would turn on and she'd really start to move around. On several
occasions they had to remove the dildo from her or she would surely
have cum. They pinched and pulled her nipples until she finally
calmed down, then re-inserted the vibrator and started all over
again. Every hour Michele, who had taken over the office as her
own, got up and gave Maryanne a dozen hard spanks to each cheek of
her ass. This was, she explained, to keep them rosie because `You
never know who'll stop by' and she wanted Maryanne to always have
that `freshly spanked' look.
  At noontime they untied her and Sandi led her, on her hands and
knees, into the bathroom. When they returned, Michele put a bowl of
food and a bowl of water on the floor. Maryanne had to kneel on all
fours and eat and drink without using her hands. When she was
finished she was tied back on the cart exactly as she had been
before.
  All afternoon the rest of the office could hear her moaning and
begging loudly in the next room. There were sly winks and giggles
as they heard her PLEADING to be allowed to cum. But it was not to
be...
  At 4:45 nobody wanted to go home. At exactly 5:00 they heard a
strange scuffing in the hallway. To everyone's shock a man in a
guard's uniform came in pulling a large German Shepherd by its
leash. Michele greeted him warmly.
  "Thanks for coming, Ted. I see Bruno is ready for guard duty.
Everyone will have to go home now. In a few minutes Ted is going to
turn Bruno loose. When we go home, Bruno will be able to roam the
office freely, protecting it from intruders. 
  There were a few knowing gasps and a giggle or two as the import
of what she just said sunk in. Michele opened the small
refrigerator in her new office. She took out a greasy looking bag
and opened it up. Inside was cooked hamburger she had been saving
all day. With her tongue sticking out mischievously between her
teeth she took a handfull of it and rubbed it around and around
Maryanne's asshole, then poked as much of it inside as she could.
She removed the vibrator and squeezed some more of the meat into
her quivering cunt. The rest she put back into the refrigerator.
  "I wouldn't want you to be lonely tonight, smelly cunt. By the
way, I've hired Ted to bring Bruno here and leave him alone in the
offices every night!"
  As she was talking, the dog caught the scent of the meat. He
began sniffing around Maryanne's widely parted ass.
  "Time to leave, everyone, and let Bruno do his job! I understand
you're all interested in what's going to happen so we can look in
through the windows by the side of the building."
  They all gathered outside as Ted unclipped Bruno's leash. Then he
let himself out, locking Bruno and Maryanne up together for the
night.
  As they all clustered around the two windows they saw Bruno walk
over to stand at the foot of the cart. His nose was twitching and
he barked once. He then got up on his hind legs, steadying himself
with his front paws on Maryanne's ass cheeks. He lowered his muzzle
and sniffed the meat in her asshole. He took a long swipe with his
tongue which sent shivers through the squirming body of the forty-
five year old woman. She was nearly hysterical at this point. Bruno
continued licking, trying to dig the meat out of her asshole but
also enjoying the grease that was all around her parted gully. He
took long swipes with his tongue, then went back to digging out the
meat.
  He sensed that his position was not right to reach the meat in
her cunt, so he dropped back down to the floor and walked to the
head of the cart. He put his paws on the edge of the cart and
jumped up. He stood, straddling Maryanne's torso, with his head
facing her offered cunt. He hunched down a bit and went back to
licking away at her private parts. This was much better! He had
access to both her cunt and her asshole from this position and his
tongue swiped away at both of them. He took no notice of the
squirmings and pleading of the poor woman who was trying to thrash
around beneath him.
  The way he was crouched, his furry ball sack dangled just above
Maryanne's face. As he wagged his tail his balls occasionally
bounced against her nose. She could smell his musk and the
tongueing was driving her into a frenzy. A funny thing about the
way Bruno licked her. He'd take long swipes with his tongue then
lift his head a little and lick his own chops. He'd then bury his
long snout in her cunt or ass again and give it a few more licks.
It was never long enough to allow her to cum, but it went on and
on, a few seconds at a time, and she was powerless to stop him!
  "Old Bruno'll keep at her all night, you know." Ted said with a
wink. "Oh, he may pause a bit to walk around the office, sniff a
few things, but that scent'll keep bringing him back. He'll lick
till there isn't a trace or scent of the meat coming from her. Then
he'll keep licking just in case any more shows up. Dogs aren't too
smart."
  "Perfect!" Michele grinned beside him at the window. "When you go
in tomorrow morning at 7:00 to get Bruno, make sure you put the
vibrator back in her cunt and don't forget to switch it on. I don't
want her losing her edge before we arrive..."

  The next morning Michele came to work early just to spend a
little quality time with Maryanne. When she unlocked the door and
entered it she could hear loud moaning and the hum of a vibrator.
She smiled to herself and opened the door to `her' new office.
Maryanne looked horrible! There were bags under her eyes and she
was squirming and straining as much as the tight bonds would allow
her. When she saw Michele enter she began pleading and crying for
mercy. Michele looked closer and saw little scratch marks on her
thighs and buttocks, caused, no doubt, by Bruno's paws as he licked
at her all night.
  "So! Our furry friend kept you company all night?" she teased.
  "P-please, Michele. Don't do this to me. I'm sorry. I admit I was
a real bitch but I'm sooo sorry. Honest. PLEASE, don't do this to
me!"
  "Oh, I've just started, smelly twat!" 
  Maryanne looked forlorn and her lips started quivering as the
tormenting vibrator clicked back on again for its cruel minute.
  "By the way, I slept in my new house last night. Very nice. Thank
you! I'm going to have it redecorated, of course. I went through
all of the closets and drawers and piled all of your clothes and
personal items into large plastic trash bags. I'm having someone
bring them to the dump today. One thing I did salvage, however, was
your personal telephone directory." She held it up and flipped
through the pages before Maryanne's eyes.
  "Before I'm through, every one of these names are going to get
pictures of you as you are now. Some may even get to come and see
you in person!"
  "Oh noooo. Please! <sob>. Enough is enough!"
  Michele slapped Maryanne's ass then grimaced and wiped her hand
on a kleenex. "I'd better wait till Sandi cleans you up before I
spank you..." She chuckled, then continued:
  "No, it's not enough. It'll never be enough. You've pissed off a
lot of people in your climb to the top. You lied, you cheated
people, you bullied people. Every one of those people are now going
to get to gloat at you. The men and the women. They'll laugh at
your disgrace. They'll torment you with their hands and fingers,
take pictures of you. One by one they'll each get their revenge.
You're going to make a lot of people very happy, smelly twat!"
  Maryanne had tears in her eyes. She gagged as she cried in
torment. Just then Sandi came into the office. She stared with
interest and laughing eyes at her former boss. As Maryanne sobbed,
her bare ass shook and jiggled.
  Michele helped Sandi untie Maryanne and get her on the floor on
her hands and knees. Maryanne flexed her stiff muscles and Sandi
got the leash and fastened it around her neck. Sandi clucked her
tongue and led Maryanne, crawling on all fours, into the bathroom.
Michele walked back into the main office to check some files and
prepare for the day.
  One by one the other employees began arriving. They each inquired
as to how `smelly twat' had survived the night. Michele told them
that Sandi was getting her cleaned up now. When she heard the
sounds of them returning from the bathroom she stood by the
partially closed door and listened:

  "Nononono... p-please..." Maryanne stuttered. Her voice shook and
was barely recognizable. "Have pity on me, pleeeease. Don't put me
back up on that cart. You don't know what it was like! You can't
imagine. Jerk me off, Sandi. Come on. You can do it. Jerk me off!
I'll do it myself, if you'll let me. Come on, pleeeease!"
  "No way, Maryanne. I'm not taking any chances. I don't want to
wind up like you, spread wide on that cart for everybody to laugh
at, and teased all day long. No way! Let's go, back up on the
cart."
  "Nooooo! I caaaan't! Please!" Maryanne was resisting. 
  At that moment Michele entered the office.
  "What do we have here? A little rebellion?"
  "She doesn't want to go back up on the cart, Michele. I told her
that she has to but she doesn't want to."
  "Listen to me, smelly twat. You're going back up onto that cart
and that's final! You have no choice in the matter. Getting down
from that cart is a privilege - one that can be easily taken away.
You can be fed there and you can piss and shit there for all I
care. You can lie in your own filth till you starve to death or
until your `friends' come to pick you up. Do you understand me?"
  "Yes, Mistress."
  "Now I mean it. The next time Sandi tells me you've given her a
bad time about getting back on the cart, I'll make you stay there
with no breaks. Do you understand me?"
  "Yes, Mistress."
  Michele instructed Sandi to lead Maryanne around the room a few
times for her own amusement. Sandi pulled the leash and began
leading the trembling 45 year old woman on her hands and knees.
They went into the main office so the others could laugh at her,
then back inside to the hated cart.
  Michele helped her to get Maryanne strapped back down on it. Once
again they tied her hands back and pulled her legs up and back and
fastened them to the corners of the cart by her head. Her clean-
shaven pussy and ass were again the highest points of her body and
the focus of attention.
  The rest of the morning was a replay of the previous day. The
workers took turns tormenting the bound woman mercilessly. The
vibrator played its terrible on agan/off again pattern in her pussy
as she twisted and moaned. She was spanked each hour and her moans
could be clearly heard in the main office. She begged and pleaded
with her tormenters to jerk her off. She cried like a slut, but
there was no pity for her anywhere.
  In the afternoon, several of Maryanne's former business
associates began arriving. Michele had called them and invited them
over to gloat. She knew that this would make Maryanne's torment
even more humiliating. One by one they came in to witness her
disgrace. Men and women whom she had browbeaten, threatened and
cheated. They all came to gloat and stare, and to punish. Michele
allowed them to pinch her nipples and her pussy lips. Several of
the women wanted to spank her and Michele obliged them. 
  By the time Ted showed up with Bruno at the end of the day
Maryanne was drooling and moaning continuosly. They filled her cunt
and ass up with more hamburger and left for the night. Bruno wasted
no time. As soon as he saw the naked woman splayed out on the cart
he jumped up and began rubbing his muzzle between her thighs,
looking for his treat. Involuntarily Maryanne's tongue came out and
swiped at Bruno's furry balls as they brushed her nose and lips.
 
  This horrible torture continued all through the week. Each
morning a trembling Maryanne was led crawling on her leash to the
bathroom by young Sandi, only to be retied so shamefully exposed on
the cart. Each day more of Maryanne's friends and former
competitors showed up to gloat at the trussed up body of the nude
woman who had once been so powerful. 
  On Friday, Michele invited Maryanne's ex-husband into the office.
It was a special treat for him and he brought his young cocktail
waitress girlfriend with him. They both laughed at Maryanne as she
squirmed on the cart, her legs bent back and fastened on each side
of her head, her red ass twitching and squirming. She begged both
of them to jerk her off but her ex was content to merely slap her
ass a few times and pinch her swollen cuntlips. His girlfriend was
too embarrassed to do anything herself but they both had a good
laugh watching her struggling as Michele teased her asshole with
her finger. Several of Maryanne's competitors came back for a
second time, having been invited to stop by whenever they were in
the neighborhood.
  At lunch time, when they let her down, Maryanne was forced to lie
across the lap of her worst enemy, Joyce Evans of the Evans Agency.
Joyce wailed her ass with her palm and then with a hairbrush from
her pocketbook. When it was over and Maryanne lay there sobbing
Joyce offered to buy her. She promised to torment her daily at her
own office and at parties, but Michele was reluctant. Joyce was
insistent and offered Michele $50,000 for Maryanne. Michele didn't
really need the money but the thought of what Joyce would do to
Maryanne made her own cunt itch with excitement!
  Michele agreed to the sale on the condition that smelly twat was
allowed to be Michele's `guest' one day a week. Joyce literally
jumped at the offer. The two women shook hands and a deal was
struck. Joyce made a phone call to arrange for the check and for
pickup. A half hour later a large van pulled into the alley beside
the office. Michele untied Maryanne from the cart and helped her
down onto the floor on her hands and knees. She fastened the leash
around her neck and handed the end to Joyce.
  "Take care of smelly twat. Make sure she doesn't get lonely!"
  Joyce licked her lips and looked cruelly down at the nude woman
at her feet. She tugged on the leash and Maryanne crawled out the
side door into the alley. Her ex-husband and his girlfriend were
still there and they all patted Maryanne on the ass and yelled
goodbye as she slowly crawled up a plywood ramp into the back of
the van. Joyce jumped up beside her and pushed Maryanne's face to
the floor of the van. Her red ass was up in the air and her shaved
pussy and ass could be seen poking back between her spread thighs.
Joyce licked her lips and made Maryanne look back at her friends in
the alley as they all waved and wished her luck. Finally the doors
were closed and the van pulled away...
  Back in the office, Michele told all of her employees to have a
good weekend and she'd see them bright and early on Monday morning.
She then got into her Jaguar and drove to what was now her lovely
new home. Nothing but the best for her now. After all, she was the
boss!
                                               THE END
--
