"Six Shooter (NOT a Western!)"
     

     Well, I joined this fraternity when I went to college, and it
was the regular old Fraternity...you know the type.  Most of the
guys were kind of sexist and such (although, don't get me wrong, I
liked them all, and none of the guys were 'bad guys').  The problem
was that, as a closeted homosexual, I did not fit in to their
crowd.  I had a FEW friends who were kind of unique, and who
accepted my off-beat brand of humor, which was tainted heavly by
that closeted homosexuality, and therefore, most of my humor missed
it's point with the other people...poor me.  So really, I did not
fit in.      
     
     Well, it was QUITE the luck of me one day to stumble across
somthing I should probably not stumbled across.  I was in the room
of a guy named Andy.  He had borrowed a CD a couple of weeks
earlier and failed to return them, as many a Fraternity borther so
OFTEN does.  So I went in to retrieve it.  I looked on top of the
stereo, and on top of his roomates stereo, and could not find them. 
Then I took a dare to myself (about being nosey) and looked in his
top drawer.  In there I found nothing but his underwear, socks, and
an envelope on the bottom that was not sealed.  Now, my little
concience said "This is NOT right!" but I said what the hell, and
looked anyway.      
     
     Inside the envelope were several names, handwritten, and on
top of the list were the letters om my house, and the word
"homosexuals".  Now I was quite surprised to find names on that
list that I had always found to be COMPLETELY straight.  In
addition I was surprised that Andy would leave this lying around! 
Needless to say I was shocked and very excited.      
     
     Later that night, I cornered Andy in the end of the hall, and
told him I had been in his room looking for my CD.  I said "Oh, I
looked on the stero and such", then casually, "and in your top
drawer...but nothing TOO interesting."  Well he kind of JUMPED on
that last statement.      
     
     "What did you see?"
     
     "You mean the list?"
     
     "Uh, YEAH."
     
     Well, we finally got through the BS and went into his room to
talk about it.  I told him that I would be HAPPY to have my name
grace that list, so long as he like kept it rolled up in his ass or
somthing, so that nobody would ever find it.  Well, he said that I
could be on the list as soon as he told the others about me, and as
soon as I was initiated.  We also made arrangments to make sure
that nobody on that list knew I "stumbled onto" the list that Andy
was supposed to keep secret, we just made up a story about him
finding me jerking off to an "Exercise for Men Only!".  Didn't want
Andy to loose his job as list keeper!
     
     It was midnight on a Saturday, and Andy told me that we were
going to the secret meeting place of their group.  It was at the
house of one of the brothers that did not live in the Fraternity
house.  We went over there, and went into his basement.  
     
     Andy told me that before I was "officially" allowed to see all
the people on the list, I would have to perform oral sex on him. 
This was to insure that I was not telling him I was gay, in order
to find out who all the guys were that really were gay.  Of course,
Andy and I knew that I already KNEW who everybody was and that I
could just blow the whistle, but I also knew I wanted in, because
I was as gay as the next guy!  I got down on my knees and put my
lips around his cock and started to suck him off.  I heard a camera
snap, and then he told me to get up.  "That is enough, you're in!" 
And so I was led into the room where all the other guys were
standing.  There were all the guys that were on the list, and then
there was another guy...one of my pledge brothers named Pete.  He
was, in my opinion, a heavenly, gorgeous hunk.  Nice to look at
while he played volleyball shirtless up on the campus lot, in other
words!
     
     They said that tonight they would "initiate" two new people,
me and Pete.  They said that they were going to play a game called
"Six Shooter".  I had never heard of this before (like I was
supposed to have!?!).  They pulled out two carpet covered boxes
with slanted sides that looked like saddle horses or somthing.
     
     Anyway, it was apparent thay were going to tie us down to
these things.  I was strapped to one of them.  My ankles were
secured at the base of one side, and I was bent over at the waist
, and then my body lay flat across the top of it, and straps were
put across my back.  Essentially, I was just bent over this thing,
and could move nothing but my arms, my head, and my crotch.. 
     
     Now my head was cock level, and my ass was too.  So I could
see what was coming. (although not the FULL potential!).  Pete was
done up in the same way.  Then a guy named Mark explained the
rules.
     
     "You are both going to suck off three guys.  You will swallow
their come as SOON as they shoot off.  You will not spill a DROP. 
That of course is the first three 'shots' in our game.  The speed
at which these three men come to orgasm will depend SOULY on your
skill in orally stimulating them.  At the SAME TIME as you are
giving these guys head, three different guys will fuck you up the
ass.  Your crotch is free to pump, and your ass is free to tighten
down on their cock as hard as possible...and free to open up wide
in order to QUICKLY accomodate each new guy.  The speed at which
these three guys come will depend on your abilty to, essentially,
'BE A GOOD FUCK!'  Of course, with all this talk of speed, you must
realize that this is a CONTEST between the two of you.  The WINNER
of the contest will be unstrapped TEMPORARLLY in order to allow the
LOSER to suck him off.  Then the winner of the contest will be
restrapped to the bench, and the loser will felch all the come out
of his ass.  Of course both of you will be given enemas before we
start.  After the contest, you will both be considered members. 
Let the game begin!"      
     
     So there I was.  Spread wide eagle and a guy shoved a thin
hose up my ass and pumped me full of warm water to clean me out. 
I watched as they did this to Pete, as they had us arranged now so
that we could see each others asses, but not faces.  I actually
liked watching them clean his ass out...it definatly made me rock
hard, and I liked looking at his tight ass pump as the water flowed
into and out of his hole.  He, like me, was obviously enjoying it. 
I heard him moaning, and then I just put my head down and enjoyed
it myself. I was kind of wondering wether or not being forced to
felch him out was so bad.  In fact, I wasn't sure if it was very
bad at all!  Then I assumed he was thinking the same thing.  I
guess that was the catch, there WASN'T a loser in this game!
     
     After that the guys lined up at my ass and my head.  Sombody
shot off a starter pistol and the first guy put his cock in my
mouth, and sombody at my ass rubbed lubricant on my asshole, and
then crammed themself inside of me.  I decided the best course of
action was to just pump and squeeze my ass the whole time and not
think about it unless sombody forced me to stop so that a new guy
could fuck me.
     
     I just decided that all my attention would focus on the large
cock in my mouth.  The first guy was a cross country runner.  He
was thin and lean, and he always walked around with his shirt off. 
I liked looking at his hairless chest.  I like a smooth chest on
90% of all guys ( I like a clean shaven face on 98% percent of guys
as well.  God I hate a fucking beard, even a goatee is gross! 
Although there is a rare case when the unshaven look, i.e. five
o'clock shadow taken to about two days old, that makes me RAGING
with lust!  But if I can actually PULL on it at all I am grossed
out.  Why am I telling you about beards?)  There is rarely a case
where a hairy chest turns me on (but there was, in fact, one of
these rare cases in my little line!).  Any way, this guy just kept
telling me "Yeah, suck you bitch come on, make me fucking JHIZZ!" 
I seldom looked at his face, and when I did he was not really
looking at me, he was just pumping with his eyes closed.      
     
     After a couple of minutes, this guy shot his load, he screamed
"Swallow you fucker SWALLOW! YEAH!  You get every fucking drop of
my come!  You'd rather eat my come than eat ANYTHING else you
bitch!"  And of course at the moment he was correct!
     
     The second guy was a very miled mannered young guy.  A VERY
gentle and genuannly funny guy (I don't mean gentle as in
effeminate, just safe to be around, he made me feel good) and he
was the hairy chested guy I spoke of.  He reminded me of Christian
Slater.  When he put himslef in my mouth he didn't yell at me or
nothing.  He talked to me like he was talking to a scared
animal...reassuring and all.  And I liked this guy so much that I
honostly wanted to suck him off for nothing more than to give him
pleasure.  I wanted to make this guy feel so GOOD.  The first guy
I just loved sucking him because he was so ungodly goodlooking, and
who doesn't want to suck the cock of a good looking guy?  But this
second guy "Jason" had always been so nice to me, and he was being
so nice now, that I wanted to give him nothing but pure pleasure. 
He coaxed me "Come on now!  You're doing good!  Keep it up!"  That
type of stuff, and rubbed my head the whole time.  I tongued the
head and put my tongue in the slit as well.  I heard that sucking
the shaft is completly unessisary unless you are a porn star queen,
and that sucking the head is the right way to go.  So I just did
the head, and he MOANED!  I stroaked the shaft of his cock with my
one hand and I ran my fingers through his chest hair with the other
(pinching and rubbing his nipples as well).      
     
     After a couple minutes of that, he shot his load, and said
"Good job man!" and ran his fingers through my hair. Before the
next guy came up.  I took a brief moment to look and see that the
other guys were kinda paired up...but Jason went off by himself...I
had hoped he was not hitched!      
     
     The third guy was pumping my ass now and then the third guy
put his dick in my mouth as well. He wasn't too nice either way
though.  This was Andy, and he shoved himself all the way into me,
deep throaghting himself.  "Yeah man, you WILL give me head!"  And
proceeded to satisfy himself without much of my help other than me
keeping a vacume on his prick.  I decided to try putting a finger
in his butt hole.  I have found that doing this to myself while
jerking off is GREAT.  And he must have as well.  He shot off
quicker than the others.  Of course I was glad, I did not like
having his dick in my mouth as much as I did Jasons.  So Andy
pulled out and went away.  But there was still some guy pumping my
ass.  I was praying he would hurry up and come so I wouldn't have
to lose (although losing was not so bad!).  But before he came
sombody yelled "Six Shooter!" and I realized that Pete had won. 
Bummer...no pride in losing.
     
     So they untied Pete and he came over and THOURGHLY enjoyed his
blowjob (as much as I enjoyed giving it to him!) and then, after he
came, they put him back on his rack (not tying him up though). They
untied me and I went over to take care of cleaing out his ass for
the SECOND time that night.  I put my lips to his ass hole and
started to suck.  They told him to force it out (it was practically
dripping out) and I tongued all around hiss ass and inside as I did
it.  I was of course not opposed to this at all.  I actaully
enjoyed it a lot.
     
     I did not realize it at first, but as I was sucking the sweet
hot come out of his quivering ass, two warm arms wrapped around me
and massaged my chest, nipples, and then gently guided my head into
Petes ass.  They also helped me keep Petes ass cheeks open.  After
they were all satisfied I had swallowed the last drop of come out
of his ass, I was told to stand up.  The same arms that had guided
my head, helped me stand up, and then wrapped around me.  I was
told to stand the direction I was.  Of course me and Pete were BOTH
facing the same direction.  The same guy that told us the rules of
the game told us we were now initiated into the group, and that
they would tell us everything about themselves pretty soon (like
which guy in our Fraternity house had decided to start this little
group!).  Then he told us we were dismissed.
     
     After that, I turned around to see who was holding me, who had
helped me stand up and such.  It was Jason, of course.  I pressed
myself into his warm chest, and he put his arms around me even
tighter and whispered into my ear "You know just about everybody in
this room has come...except you.  Lets go upstairs and take care of
that."  And then he kissed me full on the lips and we walked hand
in hand up stairs to a room in the back of the house.
