Business Picnic

        This is it, the last straw.  Nothing could be more humiliating,
I've put up with it all.  How could she do this to me?  Humiliate me this
way?  She knew what this meant to me, to be normal, to look like any of the
other couples at the company picnic.  But no, she couldn't, she wouldn't,
and I can't do a thing to stop her.  In fact, I admire her for what she's
done.  Upped me without doing anything at all extraordinary, except flatter
what's already there.
        She stood there, paused, looking for my eyes from the steps out to
the yard, all six plus feet of her, long cascading red hair thrown over her
shoulder, and the black dress that seemed to be vainly defying gravity its
sweet success.  The dress is obscene, the way the light sparkled off the 
broach on her right breast, the way it clung to ring in her left nipple,
conspiratorily hugged itself around her slim waist, and then gallantly
flared around her hips and down her long thighs.  
        Heads were turning as I walked towards her, and her eyes met mine.
The light that gleamed there was a feral cunning, making me shiver in the
anticipation of what was in my future.  Usually I only saw this light at
night, or in the shadows of a lazy morning with the breeze blowing the
curtains.
        "You decided to come," I asked.
        "I knew how much it meant to you," she stepped down beside me, her
4 inch heels making her tower over me even more.  I barely reached to her
shoulders like this, usually she would just rest her chin on my head, but
now that was far above me.
        The normal conversation resumed, but I still felt like we were
being stared at by most everyone at the party.  Company barbecue, and she's
wearing enough heels to make me look like a midget.  We chatted amicably
with other couples, grabbed food, drink, made connections, wandered apart
and flirted carefully with other people.  Standard company fare, I'm sure
you've done it, known it, or seen it.
        After the party, we walked back out to the cars, arm in arm.
Looking back, I realized that we were the last people leaving, and that she
had parked a fair distance up the drive.  I watched the other couple get
into their car, and wave merrily as they passed us, my arm in hers, walking
quietly.  
        It was unfair to take this slow burning anger out on her for
something that she couldn't control, her height, but there should be
something, there was always a flaw you could find.  You just had to look
hard enough, or make things impossible enough.  Or just want it, of course,
that was my privilege.  That was how it would be tonight, as long as I
can burn off this aggression towards her because of her height in other
ways, we're both safe in our heads.
        "You're mine, correct?"  My masters voice was in complete control,
that rumbling half-growl that I know brings shivers to her knees and makes
her suddenly feel like a rabbit in front of a hungry snake.
        "Yes."  her eyes dropped from their lofty height to stare at the
ground passing beneath their feet, her shoulders squared and her back, 
making her taller.  Damn, if there was a reason to make her smaller, it 
would be good, but there wasn't.  She was gorgeous like this, her chest 
thrust forward into her dress, outlining her hardening nipples.
Her hips rolling under the fabric was enough to get me started, wanting
to see more, and feel it too.  Looking at her, the house was in my
peripheral vision, and I noticed that the last of the lights at the house
had just been turned off, so it was us and the stars out here.
        As we got to her car, she got out her keys and handed them to me.
I declined, telling her to please get in, start the motor, and then get
back out.
        After she had done this, I led her around to the front of the car,
sat her on the hood, and kissed her, tasting her mouth, the way her teeth
matched, the way her warm wet tongue gave itself to me, with the metal bar
in it that marked her as mine.  That little nub is always fun to play
with, and for some reason, this same nub seemed to be connected to my
pets clit, almost as if the pierce was there.  It was something that was
not explainable, but also irrefutable.
        Pulling away slightly, giving her just a little room, I grabbed her
shoulders, pushing them sideways and around, spinning her around on the
hood of the car, pushing her down and away, onto the hood.  I heard her 
groan as her hips and nipples hit the vibrating warm metal, but I was 
already reaching between us, pulling her skirt up over her legs and
over her ass. 
        Some motion to my left caught my eye as I was undoing my fly one
handed, the other holding her down with a little pressure in the middle of
her back, as she writhed over the hood of the car, the BMW logo getting a 
lot of attention.  Looking left, I didn't see anything, just
bushes a little ways away, and no more motion after the initial glimpse.
Oh well, whatever, right?  It's the middle of nowhere, who cares?
        There wasn't any more thought after that, as I shoved slowly
forward, sliding myself into my pet, feeling her vagina wrap itself around
and welcome me, her wetness coming from nowhere and sliding me in, her
moans as we moved over the hood of her car becoming higher and higher in
pitch.  Focusing my attention after the initial blind thrusting reaction to
an ancient stimulus, I centered my attention on her, the way her back
moved, how she pressed into the car or up to me, and slowed my motions to
match hers, and then to speed hers up slowly, taking her higher and higher.
Then, right as she went to the edge and almost over the top, I pulled back,
out.
        She whimpered, "Why????"
        And I placed myself against her ass, and slowly pushed into her
other hole, her juices keeping me well lubricated all the way in.  He deep
guteral moan told me that this was going to be a nice one for both of us as
I started the rhythm again.  Her moans grew again, throaty as opposed to
building towards a squeak, and I felt her body stiffen around and under me.
Slowly increasing the tempo has always been a difficult thing for me, but
I've learned, through much patience, exactly how fast you can increase it,
and when to back off.  Slowly I felt her coming up to her edge again, and 
toyed with it, feeling the tension in her body building.
        As it reached a peak, and I could feel my own release building
without possible pause, I leaned over her, growling in her ear.
        "You like this?"
        She nodded yes.
        "Do you want to cum?  You know you better ask permission first."
        "Yes, please, may I cum?"
        "Yes," I said, starting to cum myself, biting into her shoulder,
thrusting deep and hard into her as she convulsed around me.  Sweet bliss
for both of us.
        After she relaxed again, I helped her up off the hood of the car,
and bent her towards me to kiss her again, hard, feeling the bar of metal
again.  
        "Thank you, that was delicious, I'll see you at home?" 
        She nodded and I closed her into her car, watching as she shifted
into first and slowly accelerated away down the long drive.  As I walked
towards my car, I could have sworn I heard a door open and close, but
looking to the house, I saw no lights on.  As I got closer to my car, I
heard a light panting, and a dog came running up and sat down next to the
car door, holding a box in its jaws.  As I got to the car door, it put the
box down, turned, and ran off back towards the house.  
        I knelt, picked up the box, and opened it.  Inside was a piece of
white paper with some writing, and a video tape.  Opening the door, the
interior light came on, shining on the paper.
        I grinned as I read it, company letterhead, with our slogan
underlined in red ball point pen, signed by the vice-president whose house
I was standing in front of.
        "Your future has no worries with us."
