4tclb-04.txt
                      THE "FORTY PLUS" CLUB 

                             PART 4

      Morgan gasped at her ability to be able to pucker her outer 
lips, virtually grabbing his shaft, pulling it in, and, milking 
it!  The bed shook as Morgan pumped and pumped, up and down!  As 
he rose up with his hips, Patti lowered her fabulous body down, 
enveloping, easily, his entire length.

      She cradled his head with her hands, pressing it against 
her bulbous breasts!  Holding her right tit with his left hand, 
he sucked in and filled his mouth completely with her abundant 
tit, at the same time, rolling and kneading her left tit with his 
right hand!

      Here was a gal almost obsessed with attention being given 
her breasts and, for the rest of her sexual life, she would never 
find another man willing to give her the equal attention she was 
now getting.  This is a main reason why the sex between them was 
so great because Morgan loved a woman's breasts almost more than 
life itself.  He couldn't help himself even if he had wanted to -
- he...  had...  to give constant attention to those tremendous 
tits!

      Lany rubbed and rolled his balls with the slip in her hand 
saying, "Suck those big tits, Morgan!  Suck them good!!!"

      Then, placing his hands on the sides of her breasts just 
behind the aureol, he pressed her huge tits together firmly 
getting her nipples as close together as possible!  Then, his 
mouth went to work!  Although it was a little difficult wrapping 
his lips around both nipples at the same time because of the 
sheer size of her breasts, he managed to accomplish it!

      Now it was time for his tongue to go to work!  He 
feverishly whipped his tongue from side to side, the tip brushing 
over each nipple on every pass!!

      Patti's big, gorgeous body leaped and jerked at the 
exquisite feeling of Morgan's tongue!  She screamed aloud and 
Morgan felt Patti's juices flowing all around the length of his 
cock buried deeply in her pussy now racked with spasms!  At the 
same time, Morgan felt juices flowing on his tongue from Patti's 
big, hard nipples!  She was also having a tit-cum, and Morgan 
loved it!!  Faster and faster his tongue raced across her 
nipples, pausing for a few seconds to fasten his lips on each 
nipple and suck and draw out her juices!!

      Patti guided his head with her hands, making sure he gave 
equal attention to each nipple!  The bed heaved and bounced as 
Patti's juices from her pussy and tits continued, unabated!  The 
sucking sounds of a boiling hot, wet pussy pulling on the soaked 
length of Morgan's shaft could clearly be heard and this not only 
excited Patti and Morgan more, but, prompted Lany to pick up her 
pace of rolling and fondling Morgan's swollen balls with the 
slip!!

                     ------=====0=====------

      "Uhhhhhhh!!!!  Uhhhhhhh!!!  Aaarrgghhhh!" Morgan bellowed 
as his cock hardened, and, then, the first tremendous, thick, hot 
blast of steaming cum blasted from his pulsing shaft!!  
Instantly, it filled Patti's pussy and began gushing out through 
her outer lips contracted against Morgan's length!  His next jolt 
of abundant cum shot from his cockhead quicker than usual when 
Morgan felt Lany's wet, lapping tongue sucking and lapping up the 
excess juices from both Patti and Morgan, streaming from Patti's 
spastic pussy!!  Blast after blast of seemingly unending columns 
of thick cock juice gushed into Patti's now over-flowing pussy!!  
Patti bounced so high off Morgan's lap at one point that his 
prick popped out of her cunt in the midst of one of Morgan's 
eruptions!!  Lany aimed her camcorder making sure she caught in 
the viewfinder, the abundant cream flying so high into the air 
before it arced downward and landed with a splat on Patti's lower 
back!

      Patti, in a move so fast her hand couldn't be seen, whipped 
it behind her, grabbing Morgan's shaft and popped it back into 
her pussy.  Her anticipation of yet more eruptions prompted her 
to wiggle her lovely ass down hard against Morgan, trying to 
capture every inch of him!  Morgan picked up on her move, bucking 
his hips up and off the mattress to assist in that effort just in 
time for another high-volume blast of cum!!

      Patti urged Morgan to roll over!  He did so and was now on 
top!  Then Patti hollered to Lany to sit on Morgan's ass!  She 
did so and the pressure caused Morgan's cock to sink even deeper 
into Patti's convulsing cunt!!

      Feeling Morgan's cockhead now pressed against her womb, a 
deep, guttural, almost inhuman bellow from Patti's depths bounced 
off all four corners of the room when she felt a powerful, 
concentrated stream of thick cum very deep into her pussy as 
Morgan's huge balls continued emptying into her!!!

                     ------=====0=====------

      Finally, it ended, but, not before Patti jumped off Morgan, 
turned herself around and brought her head down to his stomach, 
abdomen, crotch, balls, and legs to lap up and swallow the 
prevalent excess cum which had gushed from her pussy!

      "Mmmmmm!!" Slurp!  Slurp!  Slurp!  was the sound of her 
lips, tongue, and mouth as she gulped down the still warm cum!

      "Oh, shit!  This cum is soooooo damn good!!  So delicious!  
Mmmmm, I LOVE it!  LOVE it!!" she moaned as Morgan heard her 
sucking and swallowing.

                     ------=====0=====------

      After getting every drop, Patti turned around and came back 
up to Morgan wrapping her wide-open mouth all around his, pulling 
on his lips and tongue, at the same time humping her body against 
his!

      God, she is pure heaven, Morgan thought as he felt every 
inch of her hot, voluptuous body covering him and rolling against 
him.  He loved the feel and smell of her!

      In between soul kisses, Patti moaned, "I can't get enough 
of you!  I just want to have your cock in between my tits and in 
my mouth 24 hours a day!!  To swallow your delicious cum day and 
night!!  To let you have my tits to do as you please, all the 
time!!!"

                     ------=====0=====------

      A week later, Morgan was in Barker's office.

      "Well, Morgan, we saw the tape of you and Patti, and, the 
results indicate she is to move up quite a bit," Joy said with a 
grin.

      "How much?"

      "Well, she was at 15,000 when she began."

      "Is that the total amount of gals in the club here in the 
U.S?"

      "Yes.  Since she was new, she, like all the others, had to 
start there, but, she did so well she is now at 12,138."

      "Well, that's good, Joy.  She deserves it," Morgan 
responded.

      "Yes....  that was quite a tape.  Even my pussy was 
dripping as I watched it."

      "She seemed to enjoy it.  I hope so."

      "Okay....  if you are up to it, I have someone I'd like you 
to meet," Joy commented.

      "Right now?"

      "Yes....  okay?"

      "Why sure."

      Joy flipped the button on the inner-office phone.

      "Rena....  would you send in Barbara?"

                     ------=====0=====------

      A few seconds later, the door opened, and, Morgan's cock 
began to harden when he saw a scrumptious 5 feet, 7 inch black-
haired beauty step through the door.

      She was wearing a silk skirt and black net stockings with 
heels.  Her long, jet-black hair flowed down over her shoulders.  
Her button-down blouse was low-cut, revealing very big, full firm 
breasts that jiggled when she walked.  The beauty of this gal was 
obvious as, behind dark eyebrows, were brown eyes which flashed 
with great promise.  Morgan loved the shape of her mouth and 
dark-red lips.

      Joy made the introductions, and, when Morgan stood up, 
revealing a slight bulge in his crotch, Barbara made no bones 
about peering at it and seductively sliding her pink tongue over 
her very wet lips.

      Joy had recommended lunch to get acquainted, so, Morgan, 
knowing the girl originally came from Italy, took her to 
Renaldi's across town.

                     ------=====0=====------

      After a delicious Italian meal, they moved to a remote and 
private corner table in the restaurant.

      "So, Barbara, how long have you been in the club?"

      "Three years."

      "Do you mind if I ask your rating?"

      "Of course not.  I'm at 9,346."

      "Are you pleased with that?" Morgan asked.

      "Oh yes.  Very much so."

      "Do you know anything about me?"

      "I know...  everything....  about you," she responded 
huskily.  "It has been my life's work since joining."

      The way in which she said those words made Morgan's cock 
jump.

      "The requirements placed on you...  are you unhappy about 
any of them?"

      "Oh, no...." Barbara responded.  "This is why I'm in the 
club, because of my passion for them," she said with a loving 
look and broad smile.

      Then, Barbara got up from her chair and moved to the 
upholstered divan which ran the length of one side of the table.  
After she sat down, she looked at Morgan and patted the seat next 
to her.

      Morgan moved to the divan and sat next to her.  Then, as 
she turned in the seat to face Morgan directly, she slowly placed 
her hand up high on Morgan's leg.  She spoke in a low, passion-
filled voice and her eyes seemed as though she wanted to reach 
Morgan's soul as she stared at him.

      "I am absolutely crazy about swallowing cum," she whispered 
as her hand rubbed Morgan's leg gently.

      Morgan gulped and his cock got harder.

      "My big tits are aching, right now, to go all around your 
cock."

      "W-w-w-hat....  what, are your.....  measurements?" Morgan 
stuttered.

      "My waist is 19,....  my hips are 40,....  and," with a 
loving smile, she said, "......  my tits are 50-EEE, primed and 
ready for you."

      Morgan couldn't help but glance down to see her huge 
breasts bulging out of the top of her blouse.

      Moving her head closer to Morgan's face, she asked, "Do you 
like my mouth?"

      Sweating a little now, Morgan shook his head yes.

      "I'm so glad," she whispered huskily, "because, I deep-
throat."

                     ------=====0=====------

      As Morgan drove, Barbara sat very close to him, her hand 
just an inch or so from his rock-hard cock.

      "I live at 19 West Emerson.  Know how to get there?" she 
asked.

      Morgan shook his head yes and slid down in his seat, 
opening his legs a little.  Barbara's hand then moved on to his 
hard cock and she began rubbing it through his trousers.

      She moaned, then said, "That's about a 30-minute drive.  
Can't you find a spot for us to park right now?"

      Morgan looked at her, watching her tongue slide all around 
her lips as she gave him a sultry look.

      "I've just got to suck you and drink some of your cum!" she 
moaned.

      Morgan hesitated, but, then, she said, "I've got a towel...  
there won't be any mess."

      Nervously, Morgan hung a right and began traveling down a 
side street for about 5 blocks.  Meanwhile, Barbara continued 
rubbing Morgan's very hard prick.  "Hurry!" she moaned aloud.

      As Morgan began pulling into an abandoned warehouse, he 
knew Barbara was very hot-blooded.  Morgan stopped inside the 
warehouse in a dark corner, shut the engine, and, as he began 
sliding the seat back, Barbara was already unfastening his belt 
and pulling his zipper down.

      Morgan raised his hips and slid his pants and shorts down 
to his ankles.  Barbara, at the same time was placing a towel 
under him, and, she had another at the ready.  Morgan's cock 
leaped into the air and Barbara swooned.

      "Oh, so lovely," she moaned as she jerked him with her 
hand.  Morgan slid further down in the seat while Barbara's head 
went down.  Morgan opened his legs wider.

      Morgan felt a warm tingle run the entire length of him as 
Barbara's big, full, wet, red lips wrapped around the head of his 
cock!  Morgan knew this would not take long.  He was going crazy 
as he felt her big, meaty lips begin to draw on him, her tongue 
whipping all around the crown!  He marveled at the size of her 
lips....  they were big and very thick, but, they didn't appear 
that way on the outside of her mouth.  The thickness was hidden, 
inside, and, Morgan loved it as he began pumping his hips!  She 
stayed right with him, sinking her mouth lower.

      As her head went down, Morgan could feel the entire insides 
of her mouth close about his shaft!  Some gals, when they sucked, 
only used their lips, but, not Barbara.  She was making sure 
every part of the inside of her mouth was making contact!  The 
inside of her cheeks,...  the roof of her mouth,....  the top of 
the entire length of her tongue sliding along the base of his 
cock,....  her huge, full lips, pressing, pulling, wrapping all 
around his now slippery meat!

                     ------=====0=====------

      All of a sudden, Barbara felt her head being pulled up!

      "What's the matter?" she asked quite puzzled and a little 
upset.

      "Barbara....  I don't want you to stop either," Morgan said 
pantingly, "but, Lany is going to be at your place for the 
taping."

      "So?"

      "Well, you are going to be judged on how well you arouse me 
and make me cum," Morgan explained.  "You don't want to waste my 
cum here, do you?"

      "Oh, I see," she responded understandingly.  "Well, c'mon!  
Start the car," she urged, "let's get home quickly."

                     ------=====0=====------

      Morgan, driving at about 70 miles per hour on the highway 
toward Barbara's house, looked over, observing her rubbing her 
pussy through her skirt.  Her head was back, her eyes closed, 
and, she was moaning.  Then, she looked at Morgan and slid over 
next to him, putting her hand on his crotch.

      "Mmmmmmmm.....  your cock tasted sooooo goooood, Morgan!  
I'm going to suck, and suck, and suck you!  I'm going to be 
swallowing all that sweet cum of yours!  You are going to go out 
of your head when you feel these big, hot Italian tits smother 
your cock!  I'll drain you so dry, your balls will atrophy!" she 
said with a gleam of promise in her wide, excited eyes.

