     I just don't' know where to begin this. It's so fuzzy
now and what really stands out in my memory is the actual
event rather than what lead up to it. This is something that
will be with me for the rest of my life.  I guess for the
sake of clarity I should tell you something about the people
involved. My name is Jim and the other person's name is Brad.
We have last names but it's not important as to what they are
since there are no other persons with the same name in this
story. The detail of all the events that I'm going to relate
are completely true and have not been altered in any way. No
alteration was need as it's all sexy enough without adding to
it.

     I'm an electrician for a midwest electric utility and
have worked for this company for 15 years. Brad has been
employed with the company for about 10 years. I'm 5' 11" and
175 pounds with dark brown hair. Brad's 5' 11" and 180
pounds blond hair. Brad's married and has a daughter that's
about 3 years old. I'm divorced of more than 17 years and
that's about all the rest that matters about me except that
I'm gay and it's common knowledge among the people that I
work with, though it's not discussed. I've never told anyone
but because I live with another guy and am seen with him
extensively it's gotten to be something that everyone knows.

     The way our work routine is organized calls for us
electricians to work together as 2 and 3 man teams. On some
jobs we all pool together to do the larger tasks that really
can't be done by just 2 guys. There are usually one 2 man
team, one 3 man team, and another person that sometimes works
with a helper as another team. We all rotate between the
vehicles that we drive and change at least one person between
the teams about every 3 months. It happened to be the day
that we changed teams and I had seen the pattern that was
established as to who I'd get as my next partner. It was
Brad. He and I had not been close while he was an apprentice
and I had never been assigned to work with him for any
extended length of time until today. I was hoping that we
would get along OK and the 3 months would pass quickly. I
tried to be pleasant and carry on conversations that I
thought he would like. Now, Brad's several years younger than
I am and I have quite a bit more work experience than he has
so there were some times in the past that we didn't agree on
how things would be done when it came to a particular job.

     Everything started out pretty much as I thought it might
in that we had an assignment to go to a remote part of our
distribution territory and check out a bank of voltage
regulators that one of the troublemen had reported as not
performing reliably. We arrived at the location after about
an hour of driving and had to wait for the troubleman to do
some switching. We heard the troubleman talking over the
radio to the dispatcher and because we were both familiar
with the process of switching this set of regulators out of
service, we knew it would take several hours before we could
actually start work. We made the best of the time by drinking
coffee and eating some donuts. Along with this went reading a
newspaper and finally we fell into conversation. Brad started
directing the conversation by saying "I've been dreading the
day that we got assigned together." I thought to myself that
he was going to open up and tell me that he couldn't stand
being alone with a queer or something like that. I've had
some suspicions about Brad maybe being a latent homo but
never did dwell too long on it as I thought I'd never find
out. As I was not going to take anything abusive from him I
countered by saying, "Yeah, me too." He looked at me with a
surprised look on his face. I only glanced up at him to catch
his reaction to what I had said and went back to looking at
the newspaper.

     After a few moments of silence and a couple exchanges
over the radio by the working troubleman, he turned just a
couple degrees in his seat and asked, "Why do you say that?"
I said, "Well, I really don't think you and I will get along
too well for the next 3 months." He replied, "I don't think
we'll have any trouble as long as you don't start becoming
more of an asshole than you already are."

     I didn't volley back and forth with this as I had
thought about doing earlier. I just let it drop. A couple
minutes later he said he had to take a piss and with that he
got out and walked around the truck from the passenger's side
and went to the rear then over to the driver's side by the
back bumper and faced the ditch. We were parked facing the
oncoming traffic so that we could unload equipment and
operate the boom on the truck that we were in. Since we were
in a totally rural area and there were almost no vehicles on
that road I thought he could have accomplished his task from
his side of the vehicle. I took advantage of this though, and
looked in the rear view mirror to get a look at his cock. He
held it with his right hand and was facing the ditch so I
could only see the piss stream. Oh well, I've seen him naked
in the shower before. Come to think of it, I think he had
half a hardon the other time I saw his cock. He had been in
the shower with 4 other guys that had been working on a
rather hot and dirty job in the power plant and had all gone
in ahead of the rest of the guys for an early shower. I
happened to walk into the locker room as he was returning to
his locker from the shower. He had a towel in hand that he
was using to dry his arms. He hadn't stopped in the shower
area to towel off and was still dripping. I caught a brief
glimpse of his cock and it looked as though it was at least
half hard. As soon as he saw the door opening he moved the
towel to hide his cock. Thus, I was only given a brief
glimpse and when I looked up at his face he was really
frowning at me.  Funny that I hadn't remembered that until
now as I'm writing this story. Oh, well. Back to the
roadside.
     After finishing his piss job, Brad returned to the truck
and loosened his coat a bit and made himself more
comfortable. The weather was still quite cool since it was
still early spring. We talked for a few more minutes and I
felt the urge to piss myself. I announced what I was going to
do by saying that I was going back to piss in the ditch like
he had done. Brad just said, "Whatever turns you on." and
continued looking at the newspaper. I walked to the back of
the truck where Brad had been pissing and turned just a bit
more towards the truck than what Brad had been. I was hoping
to catch him peeking at me. I don't know for sure if he
looked or not but I took care to give him the opportunity. I
shook my dick quite a bit and made quite a show of it.

     After getting back into the truck our conversation
progressed a bit and for all the tea in China, I can't recall
how it progressed but it twisted and turned until we were
discussing things that turned us on. I was very evasive and
only admitted that I was very visually stimulated. Brad
admitted that too and we continued to talk for a while
longer. Pretty soon the troubleman arrived and we completed
our job and started the drive back to our works headquarters.
That day ended and we went home. I remember thinking about
our conversation of earlier that day and I wondered to myself
why we had that conversation. It puzzled me for a few minutes
and then I was home.

     The next few days we started working with the other crew
to form a larger work group and didn't get back to our 2 man
crew configuration for quite a while. It was probably 5 weeks
before we were back in pairs and now there was nothing to do
but routine maintenance and whatever came up that needed
immediate attention. We drove many miles each day and for the
most part our conversations didn't lead into anything of the
nature that we had when we were first working together. The
days were slowing down as summer approached and the weather
got hotter. Finally one day came along and we were sitting at
a substation by the river (guess which one) looking at some
magazines which had been under the seat of the truck for
quite some time. Each of the trucks had a small collection of
magazines like Playboy and Penthouse. These were the times
when these magazines got remembered and looked at. We were
really quite bored so I picked up a magazine and started
flipping through the pages while Brad did the same. I thought
about our earlier conversation and reminded Brad about it. I
asked him, "What do you think of this picture? Doesn't it
look nasty?" With that I held up the magazine and displayed a
woman with her legs spread exposing her cunt. He said, "Well,
she's sure not inhibited!" Then I found one of another woman
with her pussy shaved and showed it to him. He said, "Now
that looks nasty!" A few more pages into the magazine and I
found a picture of a man and woman fucking. He was fucking
the woman that had her pussy shaved and it looked like his
hair had been shaved too. I showed this to him and asked what
he thought about that. He said, "It looks like the guy's
going to have razor burn from the stubble of her pussy." I
said, "What about him? He looks shaved too." That's when I
thought I was hearing things wrong. Brad said, "I think
that's really sexy looking." So I asked what was so sexy
about this picture and he said, "I've always wanted to see
what my cock looks like all shaved and standing up rock
hard." Well, I would have loved to have seen his cock just
rock hard, forget about the shave! With that he closed his
magazine and since he was driving, he announced that we had
better get going so that we could get the truck gassed up and
leave it ready in case of a call out. We were always supposed
to see that we left the trucks with the tanks full and
serviced. As we were driving back I asked Brad, "Why would
you tell me something like that?" He said, "Like what?" I
replied, "That you have always wondered what your cock would
look like all shaved and rock hard." I said, "That doesn't
seem like something that would ever come up in conversation
with any of the other guys. He then said, "I wouldn't ever
say that around anyone but you and I trust that you won't
ever say anything about it. Am I right?" This made me feel
really strange but I was deeply touched that he would trust
me this much. I always thought that he wouldn't trust me with
any kind of confidence. I immediately said yes.

     Here it was, several days later and the weather's really
hot and we haven't got anything to do, so to speak. We were
supposed to be doing routine maintenance which meant going to
as many substations as possible and checking things like
nitrogen on the big transformers and look for signs of wear
on the equipment, etc. Just mostly busy type work to fill in
the crew reports for the foreman. We got through the morning
and it had gotten really hot since lunch and we didn't feel
like driving any more so we stopped at an out of the way
substation several miles from the highway and at least 20
miles from the works headquarters. We pulled in and parked
the truck by the station building. This building was larger
than what most of the other substations were as it was
planned to have twice as much equipment as it presently had.
Load growth never dictated the expansion so there it sat. A
square building with no windows and two doors opposite each
other on two sides of the building. The building had a cement
floor and the walls were made of cement blocks. Since it had
been closed up except for our arrival it was somewhat cooler
in the building than it was outside. We entered the building
and went over to a desk that was pushed up against the wall
and had been used as a sort of make-shift work bench. There
were some large ceramic bushings crated and waiting for the
day that they would be needed as replacements. This made for
a long low structure that a person could stretch out on and
take a nap.  I chose the crate and Brad took the desk as it
was no less than 7' in length. Plenty of room to lie down. We
didn't actually take a nap, but instead just laid quietly for
about 20 minutes. Brad got up from the desk and went out to
the truck to get a drink of water from the insulated water
cooler that all the service trucks carried. He returned after
just a couple minutes and sat down on the desk. I got up and
walked over to one of the doors and looked out for a few
seconds then turned to see that Brad was sitting on the desk
leaning back against the wall. I went over and sat down at
the opposite end of the desk and leaned against the wall too.
He commented that he was pleased with how well we were
getting along and I replied that I was surprised about it
myself. We chit-chatted a bit more and the conversation
drifted to high school days.  Brad was making a comparison to
having to sit through a study hall on a hot fall day and
waiting here until quitting time. I commented about
daydreaming while sitting in study hall and he replied that
he used to do that too but that he'd end up getting a hardon
about the time the bell would ring. So, I said "I used to do
that too." Brad looked over at me but didn't really look over
far enough to see my face. It was sort of a glance that's
used to acknowledge agreement.  After a bit more discussion I
got up to take a piss and walked over to the door where I
opened it a bit and unzipped my pants and pissed. When I
finished I turned to go back to the desk and Brad was walking
towards me. As I looked up at him he remarked that he had to
piss too. I thought nothing of it and returned to the desk
and assumed my same position. He stood there at the door for
quite some time and finally finished, also returning to his
original position on the desk. I thought it was sure odd that
we had been talking about getting a hardon in school so I
thought I'd pursue this a bit further. So I asked, "When you
got a hardon in school did you just carry your books in front
of you to hide it?" Brad replied, "Yes, but it didn't go away
until I sat down again because the feeling of the books
pressing on my cock kept it hard." I was feeling really brave
so I said, "You know, I'm getting a hardon now myself." Brad
immediately replied with, "Me too." I asked him, "Did you
have a hardon when you came back from pissing?" He said,
"Yes, about half way." I thought he did but wasn't sure. I
asked, "Are you hard now?" He said, "Yes." I said, "Me too."
He turned his head a bit and looked down at the noticeable
bulge in my jeans. I made it jump just a bit and said, "This
thing's going to be with me for a while, judging from the way
it feels." He said, "Yeah, me too." I said, "It looks like
you've got quite a big one." He said, "It's probably no
bigger than yours." I thought this is the perfect opportunity
so I said, "If you show me yours, I'll show you mine." I
thought he'd put an end to this and get up or something, but
to my amazement he said, "You go first." So with that I
hopped up and started unfastening my pants. He said, "I knew
you would." And with that he got up to and started
unfastening his pants. I flopped my hot dick out first and he
flopped his out right away too. I took a couple long strokes
on my dick to see what he'd do and he did the same. I was so
excited that I was having a hard time keeping from trembling.
I let go of my dick and turned just a bit more towards Brad
and said go ahead and take hold of it.  He reached over and
put his hand around my dick and just held it firmly but
gently. I reached over slowly and took his cock in my hand.
When I touched his cock he sort of sighed. I started slowly
stroking his beautiful cock and he followed on my cock. He
trembled just a bit so I stopped and told him to get on the
desk and lie down. I said, "I'm going to give you the best
blowjob of your life." He laid down lengthways on the desk,
close to the edge. I leaned over and took his hot cock into
my mouth and started slowly working up and down on it.  In
and out. I'd go from the end of his cock, letting it push
through my lips and on in until it's full length was hidden
and my nose was touching his balls. He reached out and took
my cock in his hand again and started working it with a good
steady hand job. I could feel myself rapidly getting close to
an orgasm so I started working more vigorously on his hard
cock in my mouth. He started responding to my mouth action on
his cock by pushing his hips up a bit to meet my mouth. In
just a few good deep thrusts he was shooting his hot cum deep
into my throat. I concentrated on milking him dry and giving
him the best possible climax. That helped to stave off my own
climax until he was completely through. I gave a couple long
gentle licks to his now wilting cock and then took my swollen
and throbbing cock in hand to get myself off. I turned and
leaned against the desk and started jacking off. It wasn't
but a couple seconds until I was shooting my own load. In the
meantime Brad had gotten up and went to the truck for a
couple paper towels. I was just milking the last of my cum
from my cock when he handed me the towels. I thanked him and
he smiled at me just a bit.
     I had no idea what to expect after this. I didn't know
if Brad would be distant or of he would open up completely or
just what it would be. I asked Brad if this was his first
encounter and he admitted that it wasn't. He told me a bit
about a guy that he had messed around with before he was
married and a couple times since. He said that the other guy
had become more emotionally involved than he had intended and
they quit seeing each other.
     On the way back to the work headquarters Brad looked at
me and said, "Whatever you do, don't ever tell anyone about
what we did. I'll deny everything." I assured him that nobody
would hear about it from me. I said, "I'm looking forward to
the next time." He said, "It did make the afternoon go by
quickly." With that, I knew there would be other occasions
that we would spend the afternoons getting each other's cocks
off. Since this whole thing took place almost 4 years ago, I
can tell you that indeed there were many times.
     All of what I've related in this story is true and the
names weren't changed to protect anyone. What about my
promise not to tell? Well, you don't know who I am and you
don't know who Brad is. If, perchance, you do figure it out,
and you do work for the same company we do....come join me. I
give great head.
