Archive-name: Bondage/bet1.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Bet, The


        Her arms were tied to the corner posts of the bed.  At 
the moment they were just restrained.  There was no pressure 
unless she tried to pull away.  The teri-cloth belt from each of 
their robes held her in place more firmly than she would have 
imagined.
        Her feet were bound to something that kept her knees 
apart, wide apart.  She wasn't sure what it was, but a broom 
stick was her current guess.  The blindfold left her no clue that 
didn't come in from another sense.  It was quite effective.
        Somehow the stick held her feet not only apart, but down.  
She couldn't tell how it did that.  Was it tied to the bottom of 
the bed?  Mike had blindfolded her before doing anything else so 
she wouldn't know what was going on.
        The bet seemed serious now.  It was still fun, but there 
was an edge of determination and a small one of fear.  What would 
he do to get her to give him the combination?
        The chest at the foot of the bed was sealed with a 
combination padlock.  She had bought it this morning and hidden 
the combination under the silverware divider in the drawer in the 
kitchen.  The numbers swam in her head: Five-fourteen-nine.  
Would she be able to keep the combination secret until midnight?
The thought of that filled her with the oddest series of 
sensations.
        She was naked, of course.  He was allowed to do anything 
that didn't leave a mark, with the understanding that whatever he 
did couldn't have as it's basic purpose causing pain.  He could 
swat her ass, but only as part of something else, not to cause 
her to tell because of the pain.
        Or as he'd put it, "I can make you come so much that 
you'll do anything to get me to stop."
        Her eyebrows had gone straight up at that.  It was an 
extremely rare event for her to tire out before any boy she had 
ever slept with had run out steam.  She was almost always ready 
for more.  The only times she could remember not wanting to 
continue had been in the extremely early morning after a very 
full day.   Today she was rested.  She'd slept late.  She 
expected to enjoy this and then to win the bet.
        Put simply, the loser would have his or her pubic hair 
removed as the penalty for losing.
        She couldn't help grinning as she thought of him on his 
back, legs spread, with foam over his crotch as she said, "Let's 
be very still.  We don't want any accidents down here, do we?"
The idea of shaving his scrotum especially appealed to her.
        Something cold hit her left breast.  It was only a drop 
of water, but being blindfolded she had no warning of it's 
approach.  It felt much more shocking and ... sort of painful 
because of the surprize.  
        A second drop hit her on the other side of her breast.  A 
second later a very cold drop hit her nipple.  She could feel it 
harden as the water slowly ran off.
        She heard a small sound near her night table.  (The ice 
cube being put in a glass?)
        Mike's mouth fastened on her left nipple.  Again it was 
unexpected.  This had an effect too.  Mike was very good at this 
and knew how sensitive her breasts were.  She could feel the 
familiar desire for him to go on building in her stomach.
        It had been 5:30 when he had started blindfolding her.  
Holding out till midnight might be fun.
        A small moan escaped her lips as his hand lightly pinched 
her right nipple.

--
