                             Biter and Stinger

     When I was sixteen my family moved and I had to join a
new school.  It was a mixed school, unlike my old one which
had been just girls, and I went into the fifth form.  At my
new school I soon found out that the cane was used - although
rarely - on us girls, and in fact about half the girls in my
class had had the cane at one time or another - usually two
strokes; one on each hand.  Boys were caned more frequently -
they were punished by the headmaster, usually six strokes with
a minimum of four.

     Halfway through my first term I and three other girls
were reported by the coach driver for 'rowdiness' coming back
from a school trip.  The four of us were told to wait outside
the senior mistress's office at half past three.  During
afternoon break I asked the others what they thought would
happen.  Would we get the cane?  And did it hurt as much as
I'd heard?

     Jill said that she was sure that we would get the cane as
two girls from another class had been caned for a similar
thing the previous term.  Jill had herself been caned several
times - the last time only the week before - and it was
obvious that she was not looking forward to a repeat
experience.  She told us that Miss Sheldon had warned her that
if she was sent to her again that term she would get not just
an ordinary two stroke caning, but two strokes on each hand.

     Anna, a tall girl with long mousy hair, grimaced.  "Gosh,
Jill," she said, "two strokes hurt quite enough for me last
time! I can't imagine what four would be like!"  I had not
known until then that Anna had also had the cane before.

     The other girl, Cathy, had managed to get through her
time at school up till then without ever getting the cane, and
she must have been as nervous as I was.  She asked Jill and
Anna if they had any tips as to how to hold the hands so as to
reduce the pain.

     Jill shook her head, saying that the only thing she could
suggest was to try to stand underneath the light so as to
reduce the swing of Miss Sheldon's arm, but that the senior
mistress would probably not let them get away with it.  She
showed us her palms and I could see the marks left by the cane
over a week before.

     At half past three the four of us were lined up outside
Miss Sheldon's office.  Jill knocked on the door and we were
called in.  Miss Sheldon lined us up along a wall and went
into a long lecture about how we had let the school down.  She
took a cane out of a cupboard and stood facing us.  She
reminded Jill that it was only a week since she had last been
dealt with and that the point clearly hadn't been made, adding
that this time it would be. 

     She beckoned to Jill to come forward and stand in the
centre of the room and then told her to hold her hand out. 
Jill extended her left arm.   The position, however, was not
to Miss Sheldon's liking.  She tapped Jill's hand with the
cane a few times until the hand was in exactly the right
place.  Jill stood erect with a straight back and her hand
perfectly still, but her lips were twitching slightly.

     She didn't budge as the cane was raised above the woman's
shoulders.  Then it whistled down with frightening speed and
force, to be intercepted in its arcing descent by the tender
palm of Jill's hand.  I watched Jill's face at the moment of
impact and saw how she blinked her eyes, jerked back her head
and contorted her lips as the pain hit her.  I could see that
the first stroke had hurt even though she lowered her hand
slowly,and apparently unconcernedly, to her side.

     Miss Sheldon ordered her to present her other hand, and
Jill's right hand received the same treatment.  This time a
sharp intake of breath showed that the pain was getting
through to her.  She stood still with both hands pressed tight
to the sides of her skirt, but then she could no longer resist
her instincts and thrust her right hand in front of her face
and blew on it furiously.

     Jill took her next two strokes, which were delivered with
equal force, quite well considering, her hands twitching as
they waited for their next painful whacks.  I had been so
fascinated by the awfulness of her caning that it was with a
shock that I realised that it was over and that I might be
next.  But it was Anna at whom Miss Sheldon pointed her cane
next and who moved forward to take up the place vacated by
Jill, who had now rejoined Cathy and myself against the wall.

     Anna's whole body shook as she held out her left hand for
the first stroke and I could see that she was already on the
point of tears.  She was taller than Jill but somehow seemed
much more vulnerable.  Miss Sheldon's cane rose and swished
down.  As she received the blow Anna's face crumpled and she
gasped with pain.  Her hand jerked away and her body doubled
forward.  She was allowed a few moments and was then told to
hold out her other hand, but it was quite a while before she
reluctantly did so. 

Then it was all over and Anna burst into tears and did a wild
dance of pain, waving her hands about.

     Cathy was next.  Miss Sheldon flexed the cane between her
hands as she spoke.  "This is the first time you've been sent
to me for the cane, Catherine.  I hope you will make sure it
is the last.  As neither you nor Sandra have been here before
I will use the junior cane."

     Then she walked back to the cupboard and exchanged the
cane for another one, somewhat shorter and thinner.  Cathy
took her two strokes better than  Anna had, but I could see
that they had really hurt.

     It was my turn.  Miss Sheldon spoke.  "I don't like
caning new girls, or any girls, come to that," she said, "but
you must realise I have no choice in the matter.  As you have
only been here for a short time I will only give you one
stroke.  Hold out your left hand!"

     The time had come at last.  I held out my hand as
steadily as I could and tried to tense myself.  I had intended
to keep my eyes shut but instead I gazed as if hypnotised at
the cane.  At the last moment I dragged my eyes away and as it
flashed down I was looking straight into Miss Sheldon's eyes.

     The cane landed across the centre of my palm, just below
the line of the base of my fingers.  It felt as though my
fingers had been cut off.  My hand became the centre of the
universe for me and when I could take notice of my
surroundings again Miss Sheldon had put the cane down and was
once more addressing us.  I don't suppose that any of us was
in a position to fully concentrate on her words but I recall
her saying to Jill, "Remember it's the headmaster for you next
time!"  Then she gave each of us a sealed note for our parents
and told us to go.

     Jill led the way to the washrooms and advised us to run
the cold tap and put our hands under the water.  It did take
away the worst of the sting.  As we stood there bathing our
hands Jill told me that the cane Miss Sheldon had used on her
and Anna was nicknamed 'Biter', while Cathy and I had felt
'Stinger'.

     I asked Jill what Miss Sheldon had meant by her warning
about the headmaster.  She explained that girls were only
rarely sent to see him, but that when they were they got at
least six whacks on their bottoms from the same cane that he
used on the boys.  "I'm going to keep out of trouble," she
said, "I happen to like being able to sit down!"

     Cathy said that she was not looking forward to showing
the note to her mum.  We all agreed and I suggested 'losing'
them. But Jill told me there were tear-off portions to the
notes which had to be signed by our parents and returned.

     When I got home and mum read the note and examined my
hand I was sent to my room to wait for dad.  When he got home
I had to bend over the side of my bed in my pyjamas and dad
laid into me with his slipper until I was yelling and begging
for mercy. 

Next day I found out that Cathy, too, had been spanked at home
- in her case with a hairbrush.

                         *           *           *

     Jill did try to improve her behaviour, but she couldn't
help mucking about.  She was sent back to Miss Sheldon on a
few more occasions but she never did anything serious enough
to justify being sent to the headmaster.  As for me, I
accompanied Jill on one of her visits and found out just how
much two strokes from 'Biter' hurt.

     One of the four of us, though, was fated to feel the
headmaster's cane.

     Anna and I stayed on to the sixth form but the other two
left.  We both became, in common with many of our friends,
committed Socialists.  One fateful day the school received a
visit from our local MP, a Conservative.  Anna and I decided
that we would play a practical joke on him.  We bought some
red paint and daubed it on his car, a Daimler.

     The headmaster was furious when he was told about it and
an immediate investigation was started.  Red paint was found
on Anna's clothes.  She couldn't come up with an innocent
explanation and was sent to the headmaster.  I was terrified
that my part in the business would come out, although I knew
Anna wouldn't give me away unless she had to.

     Anna reappeared after her visit in the middle of an
English lesson.  Her hands were tightly clenched into fists at
her sides.  She limped to her desk and stood in her place
without even trying to sit down.  The teacher asked her if she
would prefer to stand for the remainder of the lesson and she
nodded.  I could see she had been crying and was still very
close to tears.  No-one laughed or made remarks because it was
so obvious just how much Anna was hurting.

     After that lesson lots of us tried to found out what had
happened, but she would not say anything to anyone.  She
didn't stay for the rest of the lessons that morning, but went
home and took the rest of the day off.  After school I went
round to her house to see how she was.

     At first Mrs Hardy would not let me in but I asked her to
tell her daughter that it was me and then I heard Anna's voice
calling me up to her room.  Anna was lying face down on her
bed wearing a nightie.  I thanked her for not giving me away
and asked her if it was wearing off.  She got up off the bed
slowly and said "Oh, Sandra!  It hurt so much!"

     She told me the outline of what had happened.

     The headmaster had been very angry.  He had called in his
secretary as a witness and taken out a cane from a cupboard. 
Anna said it was longer and thicker than Miss Sheldon's
'Biter' and a darker brown in colour.  He ordered Anna to take
a chair and place it in the centre of the room.  He took his
jacket off and swished the cane twice through the air.  Then
she was told to bend over the back of the chair and she felt
the headmaster raise her skirt and slip out of the way so as
to reveal her rather scanty panties - which, according to
Anna, afforded her no protection whatsoever.

     Then the caning started.  Understandably Anna did not
give me a detailed description, but she said it was
incomparably worse than anything Miss Sheldon had ever given
us.

     When it was over Miss Cherrett, the secretary, had to
help her up as she could hardly stand.  Miss Cherrett had
helped her out of the office and let her stand in her own room
for a while to try to recover until the headmaster came out
and angrily told her get off to her lessons.

     I asked Anna if I could see the marks.  At first she was
unwilling, but I reminded her that I was quite likely to be
collecting marks on my own bottom soon if anyone found out
about my involvement.  She agreed and lay down on her bed
again and let me raise her nightie.  Her bottom was covered by
ugly purplish-bluish marks with raised weals running through
them. These swollen ridges were about a quarter of an inch
high, and where they crossed I could see awful bruises
emerging.

     Anna did not come to school next day and could still
hardly sit down when she did return on the next day.  It was
over a week before she could sit down properly, and even then
she told me that it still hurt.

     I was really worried for the first few days that I would
be found out and be caned like Anna.  But as time passed I
realised that I had escaped.  I was obviously relieved but at
the same time felt guilty that Anna had suffered so much while
I, just as guilty, had escaped.
