Archive-name: Family/blkmsis.txt
Archive-author: The Bard
Archive-title: Blackmailing Little Sister

                               *** Notice ***

     The following story is about teens and preteens having sex.  It is
purely an erotic fantasy, and intended solely for the enjoyment of adults
who, by downloading and reading it, have freely expressed an interest in
such material.  It is not to be considered an endorsement by the author of
the actual commitment of such acts.  If you find this type of sexual
fantasy offensive, then DON'T READ IT!


                                 - Part 1 -
                          Spying on Cindy and Julie

     I was quite a bit older than my baby sister.  Mom split up with my dad
when I was three, then a few years later she remarried.  Six months after
that (if that tells you anything) she had my half sister Cindy.  She was a
cute little kid, all blond pigtails and big blue eyes and freckles.  By the
time she got to be ten years old I was going on sixteen -- more than old
enough to start noticing girls.
     Cindy was very body-shy, especially in front of me, but every once in
a while I'd catch a glimpse of her in the nude.  She might be coming out of
the shower when I just "happened" to be walking by, or running downstairs
to get a clean pair of panties out of the dryer.  I was all hormones at
that age and curious as hell about girls.  Up to then all I'd seen were
pictures in nudie magazines.  I was dying to get a good closeup peek
between a real live girl's legs, even if it was just my kid sister's.  I
had no idea I was on the verge of succeeded beyond my wildest dreams.

     The summer that Cindy turned ten we moved into a big old house on the
outskirts of town.  It had a huge cellar.  We turned half of it into a
spare bedroom.  The other half was curtained off and used for storage.  I
had a spot fixed up on the storage side with an old mattress and a couple
of blankets.  That's where I went to read my stash of nudie magazines and
jerk off.  I was down there yanking away one afternoon when suddenly I
heard the cellar door opening up above me.  My stepdad was at work, and Mom
had gone to town to do some shopping, so I knew it couldn't be either of
them.  The last time I'd seen Cindy she was out in the back yard playing
dolls with her little friend Julie.  She probably needed something and had
come looking for me.  "Shit!" I muttered under my breath as I quickly
stuffed my cock back into my jeans.  "What the hell does that kid want
now?"  I resolved to lay quiet and hope she couldn't find me.
     The door creaked slowly open.  I heard two distinct girlish giggles
followed by whispers.  Julie was still with her.  The first voice I could
make out was Cindy's.  
     "See, there's nobody down here.  C'mon."
     "W.. what about your brother?"  Julie stammered nervously.
     "Aw, he's probably upstairs in his room playing with his weenie,"
Cindy sniggered.  "He does it all the time now.  Don't worry about him!" 
They both giggled.  Downstairs in the dark I could feel my face flushing
furiously.  "I'll get you later for that one you little cunt," I thought
angrily.  I could hear footsteps on the stairs.
     Up to this point the only light in the room was the little bit that
streamed in through a single high, narrow cellar window.  Cindy had to
stand on tiptoe to reach the pullcord for the overhead bulb.  She pulled,
and the bedroom half of the room was suddenly flooded with light, in the
process throwing my half into even deeper shadow.  Perfect for a little
spying.  I hunkered down and pressed my eye to the gap in the curtains,
eager to see what the two little girls were up to.
     Cindy waved her arm at the bed.  "See, nice and cozy just like I said.
Now we can play "doctor" without anybody seeing us."
     The words sent a sudden thrill racing through me.  "Hot damn!" I
thought excitedly.  "I'm finally going to get to see some real live pussy." 
Julie, however, wasn't so sure.
     "I... I don't know..."
     Cindy pouted.  "Oh come on.  Nobody's gonn'a know but us.  Besides,
you promised.  I won the jacks game fair and square, so now you have to do
whatever I say."
     "Well...."
     "Go for it kid!" I willed feverishly from behind the curtain.
     "If you do I'll show you a really neat trick," Cindy coaxed.
     Julie wavered.  "Well.... ok.  But just down to my panties."
     "Nooooo...." I wailed in silent anguish.  "Take it ALL off!  Let's see
that little cunt of yours."
     Cindy, cooperating for once in her life (although unwittingly), gave
her head a firm shake.  "No, you have to get all the way naked.  If you
don't I won't show you the trick."  I could have kissed her.
     Julie took a quick, nervous look around the room.  "Well, ok.  But you
promise not to tell anybody."
     "I promise."
     The two little girls undressed quickly.  Shoes and socks.  Shorts and
tops.  And then finally the moment I'd been waiting for.  Cindy went first.
She placed both hands on her childishly straight hips and pushed her white
cotton panties down her legs.  The thin material slid down along the
outsides of her trim little thighs and fell in a puddle around her ankles. 
She stepped back and kicked them aside.  Finally I had an unobstructed view
of my kid sister's sleek little nude body.
     She was on the petite side, even for an ten year old.  Her upper body
was firm and straight without the prominent swayback some little girls
have.  She had no hips at all, and a flat tummy with a dainty "innie"
bellybutton.  At that age her breasts were just tiny pink dots on a flat
chest, but her nipples were surprisingly long and erect.  She was obviously
sexually excited by what she was doing.
     Of course the main object of my attention was a bit lower down.  My
eyes were drawn to the hairless swell of her pre-pubescent sex like a
magnet.  I stared eagerly, trying to memorize every detail for use in
future masturbation fantasies, while at the same time my hands moved down
to free my suddenly bone hard cock from my jeans.
     She was as smooth and sleek as one of her dolls between the legs.  Her
tiny slit was a neat keyhole pressed into the pale, firm skin of her pubis. 
She was standing facing me with her feet about six inches apart and her
hands on her hips, waiting for Julie to follow her lead.  Even with her
legs barely spread she pouted open enough for me to see just a touch of
pink up inside her cleft.  Like her nipples, her clit was unusually long
and erect.  It could be seen sticking out like a tiny thumb from the top of
her slit.
     Julie hesitated until finally Cindy said, "Well?  Come on.  Nobody's
gonn'a see.  Take your panties off."
     Steeling her nerve, Julie grabbed the waistband of her panties and
pushed them to the floor in a single smooth motion.  She immediately stood
back up and covered her pussy with her hands.
     "There!"
     Cindy giggled, causing Julie to blush furiously.  "Oh come on.  Don't
be such a sissy.  I've got one too y'know.  Take your hands away so I can
see."
     I silently seconded the motion from behind the curtain.  Julie just
shook her head.
     Realizing she'd reached an impasse, Cindy decided to change tactics.
She started to skip around the spot where Julie stood rooted to the floor,
chanting, "Sissy....sissy....sissy.  Ju....lee's a bay....bee.  Won't show
her puss....see.  Sissy....sissy....sissy."  In the process I got my first
good look at my sister's pert little bare ass as it bounced and wiggled
around in a circle.  Her little buns were smooth and round and pale, and so
small that I could have easily covered them both with the palm of my hand.  
Which gave me another idea for later.  I would have to find some way to
spank her cute little butt for her, just for the fun of watching it turn
red.
     Meanwhile Julie was getting madder and madder.  Finally she couldn't
stand the taunting any longer.  Her eyes flashing in anger, she jerked her
hands back onto her hips and kicked her feet a good eighteen inches apart.
     "There!  I am NOT a sissy.  SEE!"
     Cindy stopped skipping and moved around in front of Julie for a better
look.  For a moment I was afraid she was going to stand in my way, but she
moved just far enough to one side to let me see everything.  We examined
Julie's cunt together.
     Julie was a few months older than Cindy, as well as a little bigger
than she was, but not by much.  She was maybe a half inch taller and not
quite as slim.  Like Cindy she was board straight with no breasts or hips
at all.  She had long, wavy dark hair where Cindy's was cornsilk blond and
in pigtails, and like many dark haired girls her skin was almost milk
white.  Two tiny pink nipples and a bit of corral red between the legs were
the only touches of color that showed below her neckline.
     Her pubis was slightly plumper than Cindy's, but still smooth and
flat.  Her cleft was a tiny, deep gash that gaped open nicely between her
spread legs.  Even from across the room I could see the delicate folds of
her inner labia and the tiny bud of her clit.  My cock throbbed at the
thought of how unbelievably tight and shallow she must be.  At her age she
probably couldn't take more than half of what I already had, and I was only
sixteen.  As I stared at her pussy and stroked my cock I imagined what it
would be like to fuck her.
     Cindy, meanwhile, was staring at her friend with open curiosity and
delight.  Julie blushed under the examination but held her pose.  It wasn't
until Cindy cooed, "Oooh.... what a pretty little pee-pee.  Can I touch
it?" that Julie covered herself back up with her hands.
     "No!  Don't be silly."
     "Oh please...." Cindy begged.  "I'll let you touch mine back."
     Julie looked shocked.  "Yuck!  That's nasty.  Mommy told me to never
touch myself down there.  She said that's how girls get diseases."
     Cindy giggled.  "Oh pooh!  She just told you that to keep you from
playing with it.  I play with mine all the time.  It's fun.  C'mon, I'll
show you."
     Again Julie hesitated.  "I don't know...."
     Tired of waiting, Cindy grabbed her by the arm and started pulling her
toward the bed. "Don't be such a little baby.  I'll show you how to do
yourself first, then we can do each other.  It'll be lots of fun."

     The bed was up against the far wall of the cellar, about fifteen feet
from where I was hiding.  Cindy sat down on the edge facing me with her
feet dangling over the side.  Julie sat down next to her.  Julie was on
Cindy's right, so Cindy lifted her right leg up and put her foot on the bed
next to Julie's ass.  With her legs spread wide like they were her little
slit popped open like a hot pink mouth.  For the first time in my life I
could actually see right up inside a real live girl's cunt.  At that moment
I would have given anything to be holding my zoom binoculars, or better
still, my 35mm camera with the telephoto lens.  I filed that thought away
for later.
     Cindy held the pose for a long, heartstopping moment, then slowly
reached down between her legs with her right hand to caress the fleshy knob
of her clit.  She moaned at the touch, her small body shuddering with
pleasure.  She gave herself two or three strokes, then stopped and looked
at Julie who was by now watching with rapt attention.
     "Here, lift your leg up like mine,"  she instructed.  Julie started to
lift her right leg.  Cindy shook her head.  "No silly, your other leg.  Put
it up here next to mine so we that we can watch each other."
     By this time curiosity had overcome Julie's reluctance to show
herself.  She eagerly lifted her leg up onto the bed, placing it right
beside Cindy's.  Now I had two wide open little cunts to look at.  Cindy
continued her lesson, demonstrating as she went.
     "Now reach down and touch inside until you find your "feel good" spot. 
That's it.  Try a little higher up."  Julie obediently moved her finger
around until suddenly she gasped and shuddered like Cindy had done, her
eyes opening wide with delighted surprise.  She'd obviously found what she
was looking for.
     "See!  I told you it'd be fun," Cindy giggled.  "Now stroke it up and
down and watch what happens.  You can use your other hand to hold the lips
open like this."
     Following Cindy's example, Julie reached between her legs and peeled
her little cunt open even further.  Now I could see everything both little
girls had.  Frilly pink inner labia.  Hot, swollen little clits. 
Unbelievably tight and tiny cuntholes, both covered with almost identical
maidenheads.  Both girls glistened wetly in the light from the bare
overhead bulb.  They were obviously getting as horny as hell.  Almost in
unison their fingers dove back in to start stroking their clits.
     Being the more experienced, Cindy was the first to move her left hand
up and start caressing her long, pointy nipples while the middle finger of
her right continued to work feverishly back and forth over her clit.  She
was also the first to start hunching her hips forward in time with the
strokes.  But Julie was a quick learner.  It didn't take her long to follow
both leads.  Nor did she hesitate to return the favor when Cindy reached
over to begin stroking her nipples.
     Judging from the way the two girls were moaning and humping their
fingers I figured they were both getting pretty close.  I was on the edge
myself, my hand flying in a blur up and down the length of my rigid cock.  
My balls were so bloated they felt like they were going to explode. 
Suddenly Julie cried out in surprise, her little body stiffening as the
first spasm hit.  Her head fell back, her eyes rolled up, and she fell
slowly backward onto the bed while the spasms started to come in waves.  A
moment later Cindy and I followed suit, cumming simultaneously.  Cindy
rolled over onto her back and pulled both knees up into her chest while
continuing to stroke herself madly.  She knew from long practice how to
milk an orgasm for everything it was worth.  Meanwhile I was blasting gobs
of hot sticky cum across the back of the room in a high arc.  My last
thought before my mind went completely blank was, "Damn, she's got a cute
little asshole too."

To be continued....


And coming soon:

     Part 2 -  Cindy and Julie return to the cellar for more fun, only this
               time I'm ready for them.  Binoculars, a camera, and six
               rolls of film.  Once I confront them with the pictures they
               reluctantly agree to do anything I want.  I want a lot. 
               Before the week is out I take six cherries (2 each -- cunts,
               mouths, and asses), another two dozen rolls of film, and
               introduce them to "tieing up", my mom's vibrator, the joys
               of spanking, and even the family dog.

     Part 3 -  Julie's parents win a two month European cruise for two. 
               Much to my delight my folks agree to keep Julie for the rest
               of the summer.  Mom starts doing volunteer work at the
               hospital, leaving me to "babysit" the two girls for four
               hours every day.  It's like having a private harem with two
               beautiful little slave girls at my beck and call.  Some
               kinky S&M books I find hidden in my stepdad's closet give me
               lots of ideas of things to do with my little slaves.

     Part 4 -  Open for suggestions.  Post under BLKMC-01,02,etc.  Other
               comments or suggestions also welcome.


One final note...

     I've greatly enjoyed the material that's been showing up in this area
lately (CUTE, SUNDER, the "Steve Jensen" stories, etc.)  Believe me, I know
how hard it can be to sit down and write this stuff.  So keep up the good
work.

     As for "Blackmail...", Part 2 is about 30% complete and progressing
nicely.  The boy telling the story has a wicked imagination and just loves
making the two little girls fulfill his every sexual fantasy, no mater how
humiliating it might be for them.
     Part 3 will add a lot more B&D to the sex.  Pleanty of tieing up and
experimenting with paddles and stuff.  The boy will discover that he really
gets off on spanking, the harder the better.  The two little girls won't
like it at all, but then they don't have much of a choice.  Nothing really
dangerous or violent though.  (I'll leave the rough stuff for some of you
other authors out there)
     Suggestions for Part 4 and beyond are welcome, but I can't promise
I'll use any of them.  I plan to keep additional characters to a minimum,
and adults out of the action altogeather.  Ideas for new stories, however,
are always appreciated and have a much better chance of being used.


                                                  "The Bard"
--
