Archive-name: Changes/bride.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Here Comes the "Bride"


     I am a cross-dresser who has for years enjoyed looking
and acting like a woman. Lulu, my wife, started to enjoy this
side of me once she discovered how easily she could dominate
me. She likes to expose my transvestism to unsuspecting
souls.

     At first it was something simple like holding panties up
to my waist while shopping for lingerie. But it has
progressed to her telling me to buy specific items like a
pink bra, a red garter belt or a black teddy. She also
insists that I tell the sails clerk that the items are for
me. i will be severely punished if I don't comply, so when we
go into the lingerie department and asked what we're looking
for, I will answer, "A pink bra. I wear a 36A." It never
fails to raise eyebrows. I love the embarrassment of it all.

     My wife loves to embarrass me outdoors too. We will go
to a public tennis court with me dressed in a white shirt and
shorts with bright pink panties and a bra that will clearly
show through underneath. It never fails to provoke stares.  I
have also gone to the tennis courts wearing a tennis dress
with full makeup and a blonde wig. I'm quite convincing when
dressed as a girl, so this doesn't bother my game. But what
does bother it is the fact that I'm also wearing tight nipple
clamps and have a but plug in place.

     Lulu thinks I should experience womanly feelings and
adventures as much as possible. So in bed I must be ready to
accept her strap-on dildo and open my mouth so she can feed
me my semen when I come. I also make regular visits to a
beauty saloon for wig styling and facials.

     A real surprise came a few weeks ago. Our tenth
anniversary was fast approaching, and we had talked about
exchanging vows again. We had arranged to hire a minister in
a small chapel and have another couple, our best friends,
stand up for us.  This would be on a Wednesday night, and we
would take off the rest of the week for a second honeymoon. I
should have known nothing is as expected when Lulu is
involved.

     She called me at work and told me to meet her at a
bridal shop later on so we could get fitted. I thought she
meant that I would be renting a tux. But when I arrived at
the shop she was inside talking to the owner. they gave me a
strange smile when I walked in. The owner looked at me and
said, "Yes, I have something will fit him perfectly."

     She disappeared into the back and before I could ask
Lulu what was going on, the owner reappeared carrying a long
white wedding gown. She instructed me to follow her to the
changing room. My wife followed us carrying a bag which, I
soon discovered, contained my wig, makeup, underwear and
padding.  I was informed that this time, I was to be the
bride! "It's something every woman wants to experience," said
Lulu.

     Soon I was standinf in front of a full-length mirror
looking at the blushing bride: me. Then I remembered the
wedding plans. "What about the minister?" I asked. "He will
never agree to this. And what about Mel and Carla?"

     "The minister is fresh out of the seminary and welcomes
any practice he can get," my wife said. "mel is going to be
the best man, and Carla is going to be your attendant.

     I couldn't believe she had told our friends about my
crossdressing. How could I ever Mel again?

     The night of the wedding, Lulu came in to see how I was
doing getting dressed. I was surprised to see Carla and her
wearing matching dresses.

     "Gee, I thought you'd be wearing a tux," I said, "not
dressed like the maid of honor."

     "Oh, no," Lulu laughed. "I said Carla was your attendant
I'm your maid of honor."

     "But you are the groom!" I exclaimed.

     "I can't very well marry another woman. Remember you're
the crossdresser in this family, not me."

     "Then who's the groom?" I was getting worried now.

     "Just like a woman to be nervous on her wedding day,"
Lulu said turning to leave. "See you down front. Don't forget
to say your `I do's" nice and loud."

     Carla walked over to me, kissed me on the cheek and
said, "You are a very beautiful bride." Then, barely holding
back the laughter, she added, "I'm sure you'll make him very
happy. Enjoy your honeymoon."

     What did she mean by that? I wasn't nervous now. i was
just plain scared. What had Lulu cooked up this time? Just
then I heard the music begin, my cue to start down the isle.
When I looked down front, there stood Carla and Lulu, smiling
at me.  On the other side stood Mel, his mouth was wide open.
I was hoping that meant he was Impresses with how I looked. I
nearly fainted when I saw the man next to Mel. He was about
six feet tall, quite nice looking, and a total stranger to
me. Where had Lulu gotten this guy? Did he know who or what I
was?

     As I got to the front, I looked at my wife, handing her
my flowers. She whispered, "I love you." Then I turned as the
minister began talking. He was so young. He looked as if he
was fresh out of high school. He instructed us to face each
other and repeat the vows. I looked at this guy standing next
to me. He looked deeply into my eyes and smiled warmly. My
knees almost gave way. He was holding my hands and saying, "I
do."

     "Lulu," I thought, "when are you going to call this
off?" I heard myself say a week "I do." My god, what about
the kiss?  m I supposed to kiss this guy? I've never kissed a
guy in my life. Just then he lifted my veil. I felt my head
tilt up and my eyes close. I felt something warm on my lips,
softly at first then with steadily increasing pressure.

     His arms were around me, pulling me tight against him.
He was so strong. My hand was on his back and I was pulling
him closer. I was really kissing him, and what a kiss! Then
the music started, and everyone was talking at once. Lulu was
hugging me, telling me how proud she was of me, asking how I
felt. Before I could answer, Carla gave me a kiss, saying
what a beautiful wedding it was.

     Then Mel came over, saying he wanted to kiss the bride,
and gave me a big kiss on the lips, and said, "Hey, a girl
only gets married like this once." he seemed so accepting of
me.

     Lulu was saying, " Come on, newlyweds, let's cut the
cake and open the presents."

     My "groom," who I learned was named Ron, took my hand
and led me up the isle. On the way he said, "You're very
beautiful.  I'm glad I got to be a part of this." Then he
stopped and kissed me again. I was surprised that I was not
repulsed by this and in fact enjoyed kissing him back.

     I heard Lulu call out, "Come on, you two, save it for
the honeymoon."

     "Very funny, Lulu," I thought. "Don't make jokes like
that in front of everyone." Just then Ron gave my hand
another squeeze, and I blushed.

     We all laughed as we went through the typical cake-
cutting-and-feeding ritual. Then came the gifts. Mel and
Carla gave us a bottle of champagne. Ron said, "She may need
that." Then Lulu gave us each a box. Inside mine I found an
envelope and a beautiful long flowing nightgown which I was
told to hold up. Then I opened up the envelope and read out-
loud the note inside.

     "Every girl dreams about her wedding and fantasizes
about her honeymoon. To complete your trip into womanhood, I
am giving you a honeymoon. You and Ron are registered at a
hotel for the next four days. Your clothes and everything you
need are already there. Have a good time. And don't worry,
all girls are nervous on there wedding night."

     I looked to see Mel and Carla smiling and Lulu wearing a
big grin. Then I looked at Ron who was also smiling. He then
showed me what was in his box: a large tube of KY lubricating
jelly!"

     Lulu whispered in my ear, " I want to hear all about it
when you get home."

--
