                               Big Sister
                              by Tufus Nails

It is unfortunate that more boys don't have a big sister like I
had to help them through puberty.  I mean that's a tough time for
everyone.  But I had my sister and am I ever grateful I did.

We have always been close even though she is three years older than
me.  There were some rough times in our relationship when she was
between 12 and 14 but even then, I sensed that she really would
come through in a pinch, if it came to that.  So by the time I was
12 and beginning to grow in all sorts of ways that I hadn't
expected, Jo was there to help out.

You see, Jo had a way of getting me to talk about whatever was
troubling me.  Even when I felt embarrassed, she would be able to
throw her arm around me and after beating around the bush, I would
finally tell her the problem.  What made it impossible for me to
hide anything from her was that she was always so open with me. 
She would not only tell me everything that was bothering her but
she also seemed to have absolutely no immodesty around me. I mean,
I was in her room once talking about some of the things happening
around school when she began changing her clothes.  I was certainly
aware this was just my sister but I was also aware that most of my
friends would have given anything to witness the show I got during
the next few minutes.  Keeping up her side of the conversation, she
proceeded to strip down to her bra and panties.  I had seen her
this way many times so I wasn't particularly shocked.  But she
continued to undress, slipping off her bra and tossing it on the
bed. 

"Tell me, Brother, do you think I have a chance to catch a boy with
these boobies?"

I mean, what could I say.  About the size and shape of grapefruit
halves, there were these two gorgeous knockers in front of my eyes. 
I felt my rod stiffening involuntarily.  "Uh, Sis," I murmured,
"don't you think I'm a little too young for such displays?"

"Huh?  Oh, my tits you mean.  Are you getting a hardon?  Do I make
you horny?  Maybe, there's a chance for me, after all.  Hey, its
been a while since we played show and tell.  I'll show you mine if
you'll show me yours.  How about it?"

Without really waiting for me to reply, Sis slipped her panties
off.  With her hands on her hips she looked me full on letting me
see everything she had.  I really couldn't tell what I should look
at.  Breasts were at that time in my life the most exciting
"forbidden fruit" but that patch of curly hair at the base of Sis's
tummy fascinated me, too.  I was just beginning to get some growth
of hair down there but it looked like nothing compared to hers. 
And the last time I had seen her crotch it was was sparsely covered
as mine.

"Come on, Brother," she coaxed.  "Get naked.  I'm feeling horny
and nasty and you know what happened the last time I felt that
way."  I remembered with a shudder.  We had been several years
younger then but I still could clearly remember giving each other
enemas and then rubbing lotion all over each other.  It had been
quite an experience. 

Sis began rubbing her tits with one hand and her furry mound with
the other.  I decided there was really no way out so I proceeded
to undress as modestly as I knew how considering the circumstan-
ces.  I tried to hide my very erect cock but Sis insisted that I
let her see everything.

Without warning, she dropped to her knees and kissed the head of
my cock tenderly.  "Why, Brother, you've grown so nicely!  Why have
you been hiding this from me, you naughty boy?"

She had her hand around my balls so I didn't dare even move but I
felt like crawling into a hole.  How could my sister do this to
me? After kissing my prick, she began drooling over it, literal-
ly.  She slobbered on it then sucked it into her mouth to lick away
the slobber.  She kissed down one side, then nibbled up the other. 
She sucked and swallowed as she slid onto my cock until her nose
pushed into my tummy.  The pleasure was making me delirious but at
the same time I felt embarrassed for my sister.  After all, all my
friends used the term "cocksucker" derisively.

I stopped worrying about what my sister would be called and began
REALLY worrying about what was about to happen.  I was getting this
strange feeling in my crotch that I had never felt before.  If I
tried to relax it felt like I was going to pee.  And when I tried
to tighten up so that wouldn't happen it felt like I had built a
dam and pressure was rapidly building up behind it.  The pressure
was now so high that I couldn't relax and yet it seemed like any
minute now, the dam would burst.  I felt severe panic along with
all the wonderful feelings Sis was giving me.

Suddenly, I knew it was all over.  My cock began jerking uncon-
trollably and white, sticky fluid began squirting out with each
jerk.  I could no more stop the spurts than I could stop a sneeze. 
It was a wonderful feeling but so strange.  I got a big gob in
Sis's hair and down one side of her face before she got my dick
back in her mouth. After that, she seemed to suck it like it was
a straw leading to her favorite soda.  When my jerking subsided to
an occasional throb, Sis slid my cock out and kissed the end,
letting me see the white stuff ooze out with each throb. She didn't
try to lick all the stuff off, preferring to let it drip down her
chin and onto her breasts.  Later she rubbed it in there.

"Okay, now its your turn to look at mine," Sis exclaimed.  Laying
back on her bed, she brought her feet up beside her hips and, in
the process, spread her thighs wide.  I could now see that there
was a lot more to see than I had remembered.  At the point where
her pubic hair became thinner, a moist pink button stood. Beneath
that was a darker pink area, roughly oval in shape, that seemed
almost to be moving.  "Come on, Brother, I want you to pet my pussy
and play with my cunt."  As if to give me instruction about what
I should be doing, Sis began to run a finger over that little pink
button, while she massaged her breasts with her other hand.
I was curious enough.  I knew that she was supposed to have a hole
down there but I couldn't see a hole, certainly not one big enough
to put a finger into, much less a cock.  But this was my chance to
explore so I lay down on my stomach between Sis's feet and began
feeling this strange area.

Her pubic hair was soft but kinky, the curls being thick and tight. 
Still, it was a soothing feeling running my fingers through those
curls.  While doing that, I gently nudged the pink button,
wondering what it was.  I didn't remember seeing anything like it
the last time we had examined each other a few years back.  Sis
asked me to kiss it for her.  It seemed like a gross thing to do
but after what she had done for me I figured that I wouldn't look
any sillier than she had.  I kissed it and as I did so I smelled
the frangrance of her pubic hair.  I decided to kiss it again so
I could bury my nose in that hair.  What a delight!

Not being satisfied with my investigations yet, I pulled back and
began moving my finger under the button.  The oval patch glistened
with moisture and my finger slid easily down and around the area. 
Giving it slight pressure, it slid into the center and disappeared
up to my knuckle. I could tell it was even wetter and warmer
inside. I tried two fingers, then three, feeling this mysterious
cave become tighter and tighter each try.  With my three fingers
deep inside of her, Sis moaned, "Please don't try to put your whole
arm inside of me.  It isn't designed for that."

"What is it designed for?"  I asked stupidly.

"A cock, silly.  A big, stiff cock. But tongues are nice, too. 
See how far you can put your tongue in.  Please."  God, I thought,
next she'll be wanting me to lick her ass.  But when I pulled my
fingers out and smelled and then tasted them, there seemed to be
nothing offensive.  Funky maybe, but not offensive.  So I placed
my open mouth on this strange area and proceeded to lick my way in. 
In all honesty it wasn't doing anything for me, but Sis was fit to
be tied.  She began moaning and jerking like I had done earlier and
when I tried to pull back, she wrapped her thighs around my head
preventing any escape.  In fact, she almost prevented any
breathing.

Soon, she was laying back, panting for breath, while telling me
that I had been wonderful.  For that, she said, I should get a
special reward.  She would let me put my cock inside her for two
minutes but I mustn't squirt any sperm there.  I agreed that I
would pull out if I needed to. She slid over to the side of the
bed and directed my cock between her legs.  As soon as my cock
sliped into her, I knew I couldn't make it two minutes.  I tried
staying perfectly still but Sis's cunt seemed to be milking me.
When I knew I couldn't take it any longer, I pulled back.  The
increased friction of my pulling out put me over the top.  My cock
flipped up and began squirting with nothing holding it in place. 
Sis pulled me  closer to her so that my cock lay on her pubic hair
and squirted up onto her belly.  My balls dangled past her button. 
I had made it maybe 30 seconds.

As much pleasure as we both had had, I was surprised when I tried
the next week to re-enact this little escapade and Sis would have
none of it.  Instead, she suggested that I take matters into my
own hands, "jerk off" she called it.  Not having any idea what she
was talking about, I thought maybe she was trying to call me a jerk
for talking to her like that.  

I guess she must have seen my expression because she then said,
"You do know how to beat your meat, don't you?"

"What?"

"Beat your meat.  Pound your pud.  Masturbate, kid."

"I've heard of that last word but I don't know just what it means."

"Okay.  I'll have to believe you.  Drop your pants and stand in
front of the mirror.  I'll show you."

"Aren't you going to undress, too?"

"Hell, no.  Now get moving."

I mean, what choice did I have?  But undressing in front of Sis had
the expect effect on me.  By the time I was stark naked I had a
boner that wouldn't quit.  Sis was rather gruff with me and
wouldn't let me hide it in any way.  I don't know why I even tried. 

"Now," she said, "grab your cock about halfway down with your thumb
and two fingers.  Hold it tight enough that you can move the loose
skin around your dick back and forth while feeling the hard muscle
underneath.  Make sure your fingers are pressing against the piss
tube on the underside of your cock.  Try it now.  That's it.  Start
slowly.  Pull the skin forward until your fingers almost slide off
the tip of your cock.  Now pull it back until your piss hole opens
wide.  That's it.  Back and forth.  Back and forth."

It felt grand.  I couldn't figure out why I hadn't learned about
this before.  Pretty soon I felt the pressure build up like I
needed to pee and the more I held back the more the pressure built
up.  But I couldn't help it.  I couldn't relax those muscles.

"Okay, Brother!  Your balls are getting tighter.  You're about
ready to shoot your load.  Hold back as long as you can but keep
pumping.  Now is when you get the best feelings.  Put your other
hand underneath your balls and play with them.  Doesn't that feel
good?  Keep it up.  Faster now.  Faster."

Just then I lost it.  I don't remember much for the next couple of
minutes except that the feeling was wonderful.  I splattered my
sperm all over the mirror as it came out in great big gobs.  I got
some on my hand as I was still pumping my cock and the lubrication
gave me even more sensational feelings.  I was hooked.

<eof>
