Archive-name: FirstTimeEnc

           This story is the tale of a first sexual encounter
             by a teenage girl taken place many moons ago.
       Comments are welcome and will be forwarded to the author.
                       Copyright 1994, by the author.

                     ******************************

The summer I turned fifteen I landed my first summer job -- washing dishes
at a local steak house.  I made $1.25 an hour and work about 50 hours
per Week.  I thought I was rich!  There was another guy that worked my
position.  When I was off, he would join me with a friend. This friend
of his would always stare at me when he would come to the restaurant.
One day he stopped by with the coworkers and asked me if I would like to
go out with him.  I told him that my parents didn't allow me to date
yet, but I did go out with a girlfriend on my nights off and cruise
around.  I suggested we could pick him up and he could join us the next
night.  He agreed and we arranged where to meet and such for the next
evening.

Well, my girlfriend thought this was quite a coup: this boy was almost
18, came from the wrong side of the tracks, smoked, and had a reputation
of being a ladies man.  All the things that made it seem like I was
living life on the edge (remember I grew up in a small town).  After she
picked up her boyfriend, we went to pick up this "older" man.  He was
waiting for us when we got to the designated place and prceeded to climb
into the back seat with me.  We were off for a fun time in nowhere
Kansas.  When he lit up his first cigarette, my girlfriend and I
exchanged glances in the rearview mirror.  How perfectly wicked and
masculine.

We drove around for a while, got sodas at the A&W drive in, listened to
music (I think the song "the Night Chicago Died" was popular then) and
we talked between the four of us.  My girlfriend's date was extremely
interested in how close the two of us were getting in the back seat by
often peering over the seat to assure himself that nothing was going on.
After a bit, the guy I was with suggested that we find a place in the
country to allow the car to be parked for a spell.  Lots of places to
park at in rural Kansas (miles of country roads)!  So we found a gravel
road good as any and parked the car.  For myself, my girlfriend, and her
date, we were approaching a new level of the dating ritual.  Never
before had we gone out "parking."  After all I was 15, she was 16, and
her date was 15, so we were all just getting our feet wet at the edge of
the pool.

So, there we were, parked in the middle of a dark and dusty dirt road,
with two boys and two girls: what were we supposed to do?  This is when
all past talk and bravado gets put to the test.  Basically, only one
person in the car really knew what to do, and he was outnumbered by the
rest of us.  After some nervous chatter, my date suggested that we quit
talking so much and put our lips to better use.  So . . . when my
girlfriend and her date settled in the front seat, he turned his
attention to me.  I had never been kissed so thoroughly before.  His
kisses tasted like tobacco; while not bad, the taste of his cigarette
was there. He forced my lips apart and explored my mouth with his
tongue.  He found my neck and ears allowing me to discover how good
necking felt. I am sure my breath was becoming harder and faster than
normal.  He placed one hand on my breast -- the first time a man had ever
touched me there. I was surprised and pleased at the same time.  A small
warning light flashed through my head, but I didn't have to respond to
it. Why?

My girlfriend's date chose that moment to pop up and peer over the edge
of the front seat to make sure that we were doing okay.  My date assured
him that things were quite all right and suggested that he continue with
his own investigations.  After this rude interruption, my date set out
to reclaim the moment by expressing more long deep kisses.  Once again
his hand was on my breast.  He thumbed my nipple and made it hard under
the cotton blouse I was wearing.  This felt so good.  Why did adults
warn their children about the evils of sex?  He let me put my hand under
his shirt and rub his chest.  He had hair on his chest!  Wow!  I
unbuttoned his shirt for greater access to this new playground.  I was
really getting excited by this.  He had unbuttoned the top 3 buttons to
my blouse allowing him a full view of my breast, trapped by my bra.  He
whispered in my ear if we thought we could remove the bra, but I told
him "no" due to the proximity of my friends.  He kissed down from my
throat and across the top of my breast.  He reached on hand into my bra
and gently lifted one out of its constraints and kissed a hard nipple. I
thought I had died and gone to heaven.

At this point, my friend's date choose to make another spot inspection.
Jeez, I thought he would have been too involved with his own goings on
to pay attention to us.  My date hid our bareness with his body, back to
my friend and suggested (in a deep growl) that he not interrupt us
again.  The kissing and petting resumed.  By now I could feel his penis,
hard, pressing against my leg or hip or lower stomach, depending upon
the position we were.  I "knew" what it was but had never experienced
this before.  Did they really get that hard?  I felt his hands wonder
down my sides and caress my hips.  Next he ran his hand across the flat
of my stomach.  No one had ever touched my like this before, and before
I could say a word, his hand was touching my crotch through my jeans.  I
am sure I let out a big gasp and the word "no" before I could even think
straight.  This was all my friend's date needed to hear to pop over the
seat again.  This last interruption was more than my date could stand.
Ignoring the other guy's questions, he pulled me close and asked me to
take a walk with him.  I said sure.  So we got out of the car.  I was
amazed at the temperature difference from the inside of the car and the
night air.  I shivered and he took off his jacket and wrapped it around
my shoulders.  I looked back at the car as we walked away and laughed at
the steamed windows.  We had created our own little hot house there.

My date, with his arm around my shoulders steered me down the gravel
road about 50 yards or so and then off the road into a tree break for a
field.  A couple of trees had been cut down and so large logs lay next
to the stumps.  We sat on the ground with our backs against the logs for
support.  Once again he started with the deep kisses,  but they didn't
last as long as before.  More urgently he pressed down to my breast and
suckled one then the other.  His hands began to roam over my body and I
was feeling intensely hot, despite the nip in the air.  Once again his
hand covered my crotch applying pressure through my jeans. This felt
good, but 15 years of warnings were beginning to go off in my head.  He
moved his hand up to unfasten my jeans snap and I stopped him. He looked
in my eyes and kissed me deeply again.  Long and slow, teasing my mouth
with his tongue.  He kissed my neck and nibbled my ears, creating a
whirlwind of confusion in my mind.  All this felt so good. During this
extr a temptations his hand had never left the snap of my jeans and
again he pulled to separate the two parts.  The snap released before I
could get my hand there to stop it.

I stopped his hand just as he was getting ready to unzip my jeans.  I
was almost panicked and begged him to stop.  He was getting a little
irritated.  He asked me if I liked what we had been doing so far.  I
said yes, but the confessed to never going this far before and that I
was more than a little scared.  He smiled and asked me if I had ever
touched a hard dick before.  The small "no" I murmured didn't even have
to be heard, as he could tell by my shy behavior that he was far ahead
of my limited knowledge.   He asked me if I would touch him.  Timidly, I
touch his hard penis through the material of his jeans.  It was so
unbelievably hard. His breath became a little shallower and faster.  I
asked him if I had hurt him in some way.   He smiled and said no, and
then asked me to unfasten his jeans.  I unbuttoned the top button and
then slowly pulled the zipper downward.  His white briefs stood out in
contrast to the dark blue of his jeans in the moonlight.  I could detect
the lines of his penis in his underpants.  He asked me to touch him
again.  I did through the cotton briefs.  This time he sucked his breath
in hard and let it out slow.   I nervously drew my hand back.  He kissed
me gently on the mouth.

Next he asked my if I had ever heard of a thing call "giving head."
Sure, I had heard of that, I just didn't know exactly what it meant,
beyond the general sexual connotations.  He told me to push his
underwear down off his penis.  Ever so gently and slowly, (as so not to
hurt him, he kept gasping air)  I released his penis.  It seemed so
large and swollen and red and angry looking.  No wonder it seemed like
he was in pain.  Sitting on my knees beside him, I was in awe of this
dick. What was it and what did it do?  I know I just stared at for a
long time.  Finally, my date asked me to kiss his dick.

I am sure my mouth dropped open in shock,  "do what?!"

Kiss his dick.

I think not.  Who would do such a thing?  I just shook my head no, and
said no way man.  I could tell that he was getting very frustrated with
me.  He made some statement about thinking I was more mature than that
and he had misjudged me.  I told him that I was Sorry, but I wasn't
going to do that.  He then asked me if I would give him a hand job.  I
told him that I didn't know how.  He took my hand and wrapped it around
his dick and started me off with the proper motions.  While I was
pumping his cock he put his hand on my breast and played with my
nipples.  In a matter of a few minutes he was moaning and gasping for
air.  If I acted like I was going to stop or slow down he told me to
keep going.  At a point of extreme excitement and growing concern the
boy exploded in my hand.

I sat there on my knees, frozen, this boy's oozing, sticky, hot dick,
cooling and shrinking in my hand.  What had happened, what had I done,
what was this crap all over my hand, why was he just laying there, do I
let go of it or hold on?  Finally he opened his eyes, reached out and
pulled me down for a kiss.  I asked him if I could let go now.  He
laughed and said yes.  I immediately stood up and began to sling my hand
in a downward motions to trying and fling his cum.

"Yuuuuuck!  What is this crap?", I asked in an obviously disgusted tone
of voice.

"Cum", he said and that was all.

He ripped off the bottom of his T-shirt and gave it to me to wipe my
hand clean.  A true gentleman to the end.  After I had cleaned my hand
to the best of my ability, he took the rag and clean himself.  He
arranged his clothes and reached out and kissed the top of my breast
before he buttoned my blouse back.  With his arms around my shoulders,
he walked me back to my friends in the still steamed up car.

We left the dirt road and drove him home first, then my friend's date
second, (who had been grilling me over what I had done out of his
protective care, but got no response, much to his frustration).  When
finally alone with my girlfriend I told her to go to the all night gas
station, that I had to go to the restroom.  In a panicked voice she
asked why.  I told her that if I didn't wash my hand soon I was going to
die.  She got the full detailed version of what had happened between my
date and I, outside the car.  She laughed but headed straight for the
gas station.  I was a little happier with a clean hand.

After the facts.........  I now know much more then what I did then, but
it is a cute story of innocent beginnings.

As to the girlfriend's date and his "protective curiosity."  Come to
find out a few years later, he was gay, and was more interested in my
date than his own.  He just wanted to see the guy's body, he could have
cared less about my sexual status.

I never dated the guy again.  I don't know if it was because he was
looking for someone more experienced and didn't want to waste his time
or what.  I saw him around town every now and then and he always spoke,
but we never saw each other in that capacity again.
