*********** begin story: My Brand of Slave ************


Main street is dark and the tourists have retired for the evening.  In
the dark, foggy drizzle, I slip easily into concealing shadows; making
my way to the outskirts of town.  I push toward the motel with
constant breaking sounds of the surf on my left and the singular howl
of a wolf on my right.  Drizzle turns to rain as I unlock the door to
your room.

As per my instructions, I find you spread out on the Queen sized bed,
blindfolded and bound with the equipment I had you purchase.  Your
legs are cuffed together twice, once above the knees and once at the
ankles with a yard wide spreader bar.  You have a wide leather belt
fastened about your waist through which you have run a rope and
attached it to the spreader bar, dragging your feet to your ass.  Then
your hands are handcuffed through an eyehole in the wall above the
bed.  All and all not an uncomfortable position but one that is hard
to escape from on your own.

On the floor beside the bed I see your suitcase.  Opening it up I see
that you have indeed followed my instructions almost to perfection.
There is one set of clothes consisting of a soft white shirt, a pair
of long black slacks and shoes that look two sizes too small.  Also in
the suitcase is a wide selection of toys, leather goods, and bondage
outfits that you have had to either make yourself or have specially
fitted for body.

You hear me rustle around in the suitcase and stand up.  I speak to
you for the first time, "You may answer me using only the words `yes'
or `no'.  If you say anything else, I will consider the contract
broken and leave immediately.  Is that clear?"

A parched yes escapes your lips.

"You have read, signed and placed the contract on the dresser?"

You are sure that you followed my instructions to a `t' and you say
yes.

"You have read all the stories I sent you and acknowledge that I
might, at anytime, do anything contained in those stories... to you?"

You remember the stories... some you had seen on alt.sex.stories,
others you had never seen before.  You remember reading them over and
over again masterbating over the scenes.  If you answer yes now you
know that your life will forever be changed.  Are you ready for it, or
is it too late, if you say no will the contract still be valid? "Yes,"
you say, verbally repeating what you had already consented to on
paper.

As the reality of what you have just consented to sinks in a little
farther, a cold plastic form is pressed against your mouth.  You
reckognize it as the ball gag that you had bought last week.  The size
had been specified to be at least 2 inches in diameter, but you were
feeling adventurous that evening and bought a larger size that really
stretched your mouth. Now it was in place, tied snug behind your head.

Your left hand is released from it's wall cuff and held firmly. "It's
time to sign and seal the contract," I say.  You feel a sharp prick on
the thumb of your left hand. Then your thumb is squeezed hard, you
figure out that you are to leave a blood print on the contract.  "It
is done."

The hand cuff reclaims your wrist and once again you hear me rumaging
around in the suitcase.  "The contract being signed and sealed," I
continue, "it is time to brand you as a member of my herd."

Am I going to brand you?  the thought makes you twist with expected
pain.  Surely things are going to go slow at first?  But maybe not.
Maybe I will try to wear you down.  You mind races... then you feel
something pressuring your asshole trying to get in.

When the head of the dildo breaks its way in, you know that I have
decided to use the biggest one first.  It is so huge that you don't
know how it is going to fit.  And it isn't even lubed.  It tears open
your ass, working into you, causing enormous pain that you strain
against your bonds.  You scream as the dildo hits bottom, but the gag
muffles the sound.  Still I push it in farther and you are sure that
it will rip you apart.

Tears fall down your eyes as I slide the dildo out of your ass.  Then
without warning, the dildo slams back into its previous position.  I
hold it there and you feel another strap going around your waist.  I
string it through your legs and use it to hold the dildo in.  You feel
a little shocked when the dildo begins to vibrate. And you realize
that this isn't even the largest toy you brought with you.  This is a
smaller, though not much, vibrator.

As the vibrator hums away in your ass the pain gradually subsides and
your pleasure increases.  But you have lost track of where I am.  You
can't even be sure if I am in the same room with you.  Then you hear a
swish and a paddle strikes your ass.  It drives the vibrator against
your inner walls causing tremendous pain.  You strain against you
bonds and I strike you again.

The paddle strikes again and again.  Each time driving the vibrator
into your pained ass.  You lose count at fifty strokes as your body
enters into orgasmic convulsions.  The paddling continues even as you
cum not stopping until you think that you are most likely bleeding
from the hits.

You feel my hands grip your ass and you try to scream from the pain...
but the ache in your mouth is now almost as bad as the burning
sensation in your vibrating butt.  Thankfully, you think, I let go of
your ass and you hear me walk across the room.  As you lie there you
feel tiny drops of warm blood hitting the insides of your thighs,
dripping down from your ass.

"Hardly a sound," I say approvingly.  But you know that if you hadn't
been gagged the whole town would have heard your screams.  "Time for
the marking."  As the thought of what exactly that means enters your
mind....  you feel something hot, very hot, sear into your flesh.  You
try to scream again... and just remind yourself that your whole body
is writhing in pain.

At first it feels like your whole body is on fire.  Then you trace the
pain to a single spot on your flank.  It is the spot right where your
tan mark begins.  My fingers trace the design now permenantly branded
into your side.  Someplace in the corner of your mind reckognizes it
as my initials.

Finally the vibrator is withdrawn from your ass.  I untie your legs,
but you find that to move them from anything but a kneeling position
causes your body to be covered in pain.  Nevertheless I roll you onto
your back and tie retie your legs into a spread eagle position.  The
process of this causes you to passout....
