
From ddail@efn.org Wed Oct 18 00:03:15 1995
From: que?
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: crys-01.txt  Mf pedo "Crystal pt1" repost
Date: Sat, 14 Oct 1995 22:48:54 GMT
Message-ID: <45peo5$r7o@ixnews2.ix.netcom.com>

Archive-name: Family/crys-01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Crystal - Chapter 1


     Crystal is a little girl who lives next door and I'd guess you'd say
we always got along well.  Her dad and I were the best of friends as she
grew up as were her mom and my wife so I guess it was only natural that she
came to look at us as her "other parents."  In fact, there were times I
almost thought that she was our kid instead of our neighbors.  The fact
that we have no children of our own more or less made that even more so.
     We'd been neighbors for almost 15 years and my wife and I were the
first ones called after Crystal was born 13 years ago.  As she grew up,
we'd always invite her to go with us to the park or to the shore anytime we
went.  More often than not, she took us up on our offer.  As I said, she
almost was like our kid.
     That is until recently.  Over the past year or so, Crystal has started
to develop into something of quite a knockout.  It seemed that, more and
more, whenever I looked at her I began to feel a desire inside of me that I
really didn't know existed.  I'd never been turned on by young girls before
this and felt almost embarrassed to be looking so longingly at this 13 year
olds body.  My wife noticed to and took to calling me a "dirty old man" and
mentioning "jailbait."  Of course she was just joking.  I wasn't.
     I guess where I got myself into trouble with this whole ordeal (if you
want to call what happened trouble...I guess more of "potential trouble"
would be the word) was about two months ago.  As usual, as the weather has
begun to warm up, I've started frequenting our backyard pool more and more.
Ours is the only in-ground pool in the neighborhood and, with our like of
children, it isn't unusual for me to be joined by five or six kids within
minutes of my getting in.
     One day it was different though.  I had been in the pool for about
five minutes when Crystal came running across the yard.  She was wearing a
tiny two piece suit that stretched across her developing body.  As she
approached the pool with her normal wide-eyed smile I felt myself coming on
with a huge erection.  I kind of half turned away from her, glad that I was
more than waist deep in water.
     "Hi," she shouted as she walked to the edge of the deep end.  "Is it
OK?"
     "Sure," I answered with a slightly shaky voice, "always is."
     With that, her body flexed into a diving motion and she seemed
suspended in air, her tight body shining in the sun.  In an instant she
splashed into the water.  I watched as she swam under water towards me.  I
was still in the midst of a raging hard-on and I quickly moved to the side
of the pool.  Pulling myself up, I sat down on the side and half crossed my
legs.
     Watching me from underwater, Crystal swam right up to me and came to
the surface.  That smile....always that smile.  Resting her arms on my legs
she asked how I was doing.
     "Just fine," I replied, "how 'bout you?"
     "Oh, I'm bored," she answered, never releasing eye contact.  "My mom
and dad are out shopping and there is nothing at all to do."
     "Well, you're here aren't you?" I asked.  "Isn't this something?"
Somehow I was glad that my wife was also gone for the afternoon.  I felt
incredibly turned on to be here with this gorgeous (perhaps gorgeous is too
strong a word, maybe it should be potentially gorgeous) teen.
     With that, she got this devilish look in her eyes and, in a quick
motion, pulled at both my legs, dumping me into the water.  Struggling a
little to regain my feet, I grabbed at her body and caught her arm pulling
her under the surface with me.  Pushing and kicking, she struggled to break
free of me.  I released her, thinking that she would back away.  Instead
she jumped on me and grabbed my head in her arms.  She obviously was trying
to use leverage to push my head back under the water but, from my side, she
was shoving that developing teenage chest into my face.  It was almost more
than I could stand.
    Without a great deal more of trouble I simply stood up.  Crystal hung
onto me as I did and I came to my feet with this teens soft chest rubbing
at my face.  (I'm glad that the water we were in was over my waist because
I had developed an incredibly big erection.)
    Grabbing the youngster around her thin waist, I tugged her away and
literally tossed her across the pool.  Again though, instead of backing
away, she came right back at me.  This time though she straddled my hips
and hung there, gazing into my eyes.  She could obviously feel my cock
pressing against her bottom as she hung there because she squirmed against
me.
    Without saying a word to her, I went for it.  I leaned my head forward
and softly kissed her tender lips.  Much to my surprise, this 13 year old
body aggressively responded.  Her return kiss didn't seem to me to be the
kiss of a virginal youngster.  Instead, I felt her tongue probing against
my mouth.  As she laid it on me I felt her press harder and harder against
my cock with her slender bottom.  I nearly lost it right there.
    It suddenly occurred to me that I was standing waist deep in a pool,
hugging and kissing a 13 year old child, in the full view of the entire
world.
    "Let's go inside," I whispered into my youngster's ear.  "OK," was the
    response in a delightfully childlike voice.  She immediately slid from
    me and moved to the edge of the pool.  Lifting herself out, I watched
that slender body slide up and out.  I was standing there admiring her fine
features when she asked me what I was waiting for.  (Actually, I was hoping
against hope that the swelling below my waist would reduce before getting
out.)
    I finally got out of the water and we walked across the yard into the
house.  No sooner were we in the house that this young vixen was all over
me.  We stood in the kitchen, making out like a couple of young teenagers.
The though kept running through my mind though that I wasn't a teenager and
that I was looking at serious trouble if I got caught.  I was already in
too deep by now though.
    Standing there kissing this youngster I ran my hands over her back and
bottom, letting my fingers feel the crack of her ass through the wet
bathing suit she wore.  Much to my amazement, Crystal continued to pursue
my advances.  After a few moments, I moved my hands up her back and undid
her bathing suit top.  Without a shred of embarrassment, my blonde wonder
stepped back and let the small piece of material slide down her arms and
off onto the floor.
    Her breasts were just developing and were really not much more than
enlarged bumps.  Contrasting with her blonde hair, her nipples were
actually on the dark side, small and taut with tiny pencil erasers for
tips.  I reached forward slightly and took them in my hands.  Crystal just
stood there and closed her eyes.  A slight shiver came across her as I slid
my thumbs across the tender nipples.
    I looked at her angelic face and wondered again to myself just what I
was getting myself into here.  I was standing with a girl who was only
thirteen.  I knew what kind of trouble could come out of this but I decided
I didn't care.
With that I swept her up into my arms (it was quite easy, she couldn't have
weighed 80 pounds) and carried her into the bedroom.
    Once there I let her down to a standing position by the bed.  Softly I
kissed her lips and I again became aware that this child was actively
seeking me.  This time though, when her tongue probed, I let it easily slip
between my lips.  This kid kissed like a pro and had obviously practiced
before.
    As we embraced I slid my hands down under the material of her swimsuit
bottom and slowly slid them down her legs.  She stepped out of them and I
stood back to briefly gaze on this barely teen body.  My eyes came to rest
on that slit between her legs that was clearly visible with just a slight
covering of hair.  She was obviously just beginning to mature.
    It was just then that I heard a car door close in my driveway.  We
stared at each other in disbelief as we heard the voices of two of my
friends coming towards the backdoor.  Quickly, I told my young lover to get
dressed and get out the front door.  She grabbed my hand and kissed it in
an incredibly tender motion.
    "We'll be together again kid," I whispered to her.  "I promise that."
    Without saying a word, my tender child slid back into her suit and ran
out the front door just as I heard the knock at the back door.

--



