
                                  BRENBLK7.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                            Sissy's "Dark" Passions
                                   Chapter 7

      The fall semester did eventually arrive.  Brenda moved into an all girl
dorm, the idea of which didn't excite her to say the least, but it was a
university requirement for all freshmen girls.  When the school was forced to
racially integrate back in the sixties, parents pressured the administration to
take measures that would isolate their refined, white daughters from the
"Negro" boys -- hence the all-girl dorm requirement. It didn't prevent anything
and over the years many a girls father found that the clich' "opposites
attract" held an unsettling truth.

      Brenda registered at the dorm lobby, received her key, and went searching
the halls for her room. She promptly found it, noticing that the door was ajar.
She also noticed strange, faint sounds coming from the other side of the
door-moans, slurps, whispered exclamations... The timid, luscious blonde looked
above the door to verify that this was indeed her room -- it was -- then peeked
in to find out what all the commotion was about.

      The room was quite small.  One half was luxuriously furnished with all
the comforts one could ask for.  The other half was barren save for a small,
single bed. Brenda guessed the empty half was her own and felt a tinge of
self-consciousness as she realized that she had very little to put in it.
Before our young tart could dwell on this fact much longer, she poked her head
in farther and gasped out loud-almost giving away her secret peeping tom
position.

      Standing in the middle of the room, tall and proud, was a very large,
very muscular Black boy!  He was not wearing a shirt and his magnificent ebony
muscles rippled and glistened with tension.  Brenda's view of the Negroes lower
torso was partially blocked by a mass of long raven Black hair that seemed to
dance and sway in a steady, hypnotic rhythym.  It did not occur to the naive
coed what it was that she was actually witnessing until her eyes followed those
luxurious, pulsing tresses down to where they tapered off just above a round,
soft, naked, white ass.  Brenda quickly retreated into the hall -- 'My god,'
her mind raced, 'There's a girl in my room giving that Black boy a blowjob.'

      The oversexed freshmen would have been the last to morally judge any
encounter between Black males and white females, but this was a rather awkward
situation to find oneself in.  This was her room and she had every right to go
in -- but what would she say, or do?  Should she just ignore them (No, that
would be impossible given Brenda's predilection for Black men), or ask them to
stop (No, that would be criminal -- to stop a girl's quest for forbidden
pleasure!?!)

      Brenda decided to go check out the cafeteria and lobby.  That should
allow enough time for that naughty girl to finish her Black dick lube job --
just the thought of it made her mouth water.  Before she left though, curiosity
got the best of her as she peeked in to try and see more.  The back of the
girls head blocked the view of what Brenda really wanted to see and she began
to suspect that was her roommate there on her knees committing such a shameful
act with such shameless enthusiasm.  God how Brenda wished that it could be
herself there on her knees, feasting on that Black boy's stiff, tasty manhood!
When Brenda returned half an hour later, she found the room vacant. This gave
her a chance to move in her things and to scope out her roomates stuff.

      Her new dorm companion apparently had all the comforts of homeTV, VCR,
full size bed, sofa... the works, but what caught our saucy sluts eye was the
portraits and posters that adorned the walls of that half of the room.  They
were all of Black men -- Very handsome and Very masculine men, most of whom
were beefcake photos where the studs were posed in a provocative sexual manner
and only clad in bikini briefs that appeared ready to burst apart at the seams.

      In the bathroom, on the wall above the vanity hung a poster that made the
petite blonde instinctively cover her mouth and crotch with her hands in a
startled reflex.... It was a full length side profile of a nude Black buck --
his turgid, semi-erect, horse dick arching out and down till the apple-size
head dangled out in front of his knees! At the top ofthis amazing poster, in
bold letters, was the first half of a statement: 'EVERYTHING YOU'VE EVER HEARD
ABOUT BLACK MEN.........'

      Then, down just under that massive dark apple was the completion:
'.............IS TRUE!!!'

      Obviously, Brenda's new roommate sure didn't believe in hiding her
interests and it was clear that this girl's interests were very compatible with
her own. Brenda was getting very excited, (like the time in the adult video
shop) and decided to sneak around in this mystery girls clothes closet for more
clues. She found a long rack of clothes -- lots of silky, skimpy lingerie; very
small mini skirts; low cut t-tops; and several see through T-shirts with custom
lettering that spelled out messages.  Provocative statements such as:

             "I take my men like I take my coffee.....BLACK!," and
                   "The bigger, the Blacker, the better," and
                   "Once you go Black you'll never go back!"

      'My god', Brenda thought out loud, 'I can't believe this girl would wear
these in public.'  She continued her snooping by going through the girls
dresser. The aroused blonde knew she was in danger of being caught but these
discoveries were overwhelming her curiosity.  In the top dresser drawer were
some very realistic, wickedly thick, Black dildos of varying lengths (from
about nine to fifteen inches!), along with bottles of baby oil and K-Y jelly.
Suddenly Brenda sensed that she was being watched and correctly guessed that
someone had quietly slipped into the room.

      "Hi, My name's Sissy.  You must be Brenda," she heard as she turned
around to see her new roommate standing before her. Brenda was astonished by
her graceful, refined beauty.

      'This was the creature on her knees worshipping that Black god while
blibbering obscenities?!?', Brenda wondered.  Sissy saw the question in the
petite blonde's eyes and knew that Brenda had witnessed the oral copulation
that had occurred only an hour before. She decided that there should be no
secrets between roomates. Sissy proudly confessed that indeed she was!

      "I didn't expect you to arrive until tomorrow," Sissy explained, "and I
took the opportunity of a private room to get better acquainted with this cute
guy I met this morning."

      "I guess I should tell you," she continued, "that I have this..... strong
passion for... how should I say... men of African heritage."  At this, Sissy
held up her hands about a foot apart as if to show how big something was,

      "You know... Black dudes that are... BIG... REALLY BIG!" Sissy's eyes
brightened and she became quite animated with that last statement.

      Brenda thought that Sissy was the prettiest, friendliest, and sluttiest
young girl she had ever met and she decided right then and there, that the two
were destined to be inseparable pals.  After all, they both had their
priorities on the same topic -- Black cocks!! Sissy was wearing a very tight
T-shirt (no bra!) with bold, Black lettering that spelled out a lewdly
provocative message:

      "There are 3 kinds of Men," small, Medium, BLACK!!

      Brenda smiled wickedly upon reading Sissy's shirt as she imagined the
reactions that message must elicit when paraded around campus via Sissy's
mouthwatering figure!

      'A real ball-buster for those white guys,' Brenda thought.

      Like her newfound friend, Sissy was a small petite southern belle barely
five foot two, 90 pounds when soaking wet, yet her tiny, slender frame was
endowed with curves that made men groan from frustrated lust whenever she
pranced by. And also like Brenda, Sissy knew exactly what effect her assets
made on the men of this world and she always made surethose assets were
displayed in the most effective manner. Sissy was an insatiable slut!!

      She possessed the cutest little teacup tits that were topped off with
large nipples that protruded forth like tiny torpedoes whenever she was horny
-- and Sissy was always horny!  Her long silky hair was glistening Black and
contrasted exquisitely with her creamy, ivory complexion.  Her bright, blue
eyes easily betrayed to anyone who looked into them what carnal, lusty thoughts
were running through her pretty head.  She always wore very sheer clothing --
Shorts so tight and thin that you could easily inspect the outline of her ample
mound, slit and all! Though Sissy was only eighteen, she had been into heavy
fucking for five years and her outer pussylips were large and puffy from being
outrageously stretched by over a hundred thick, Black penis'.

      Sissy was also blessed with very thick, soft pouty lips -- lips that were
capable of giving incredibly soft, warm, wet blow jobs!  She had actually
sucked even more Black erections than she had fucked (giving oral quickies to
strange Black men in semi-public places was just one of Sissy's passions), so
of course she became quite proficient and was extremely proud of her skills.
The two young heartbreakers became instant pals.  Sissy helped Brenda move her
stuff in and even insisted on taking her new-found friend shopping for things
to help dress up her half of the room.  Brenda found herself being zipped
around town in Sissy's very impressive Porsche, and was stunned when Sissy paid
for everything without batting an eyelash! 'This girl is obviously rich!,' the
blonde thought to herself. That night, alone in their room, the two Black cock
cravers crawled in bed together and talked through the night -- revealing their
respective pasts and confessing their innermost secrets and desires.

      Sissy was in fact, quite well to do, though she had not always been so.
She had been born into a very poor family that lived on the wrong side of town.
Her father was quite lazy and worked in a fast food restaurant, refusing to get
up the gumption to find a better paying job. As a result, Sissy's family lived
in a slum apartment complex, one that was plagued with crime and rough
characters. Their landlord was one of those well-to-do slumlords.  Tall,
muscular, and devastatingly handsome, he was one of those brawny Black dudes
that knew how to intimidate a tenant when it served his purpose and he was
always intimidating Sissy's father.

      One month, when Sissy was only thirteen, the rent was late and the
brutish landlord came by during the day to either collect or take their
furniture for collateral.  Sissy's father was at work so it was up to her
mother to beg and plead for more time.  Sissy's mother was slim and sexy so it
didn't take long to persuade the wealthy Black man to accept some "favors" in
exchange for an extension. Sissy was ordered to go to her room.  She complied
but cracked open her door just a bit in time to peek out and witness her
beautiful, white mother strip naked like a whore before the towering Negro,
then drop to her knees to open up the man's fly. Sissy was stunned by the
vision of what came tumbling out... so was her mother! The young girl's sexual
awareness began that day while her mother's sex life was infinitely improved.
She watched her mother slut-suck that big Black appendage.

      She witnessed her mama getting fucked like a bitch in heat. She noted,
and remembered, the flushed passion and joy that radiated from her mother's
sweet face as the landlord impaled her with his Black piston.

      Two weeks later Sissy and her mother abandoned her father and moved into
their landlord's plush mansion on the rich side of town. Despite her father's
pathetic display of begging (he even promised to have his penis surgically
enlarged!), Sissy's mother was adamant for a divorce... Sissy's life was
forever changed!

      The marriage took place within a month and Sissy found herself with a
wealthy Black stepfather and three Black stepbrothers.  Her new siblings were
aged 14, 16, and 18 respectively and the shy, white debutante was completely
smitten by their masculinity.  She had hit puberty the year before and being in
their presence caused strange and delightful sensations to race through her
delicate, developing figure.

      Sissy took to wearing only a frilly, very short nighty around the house
once she noticed the effect her budding sexuality had on those Black boys and
she became giddy with lust whenever they made scandalous remarks about what
they wanted to do to her!  Sissy knew that she would fuck all three of her
dusky housemates before eventually taking on "Big Daddy" himself!

      She began her interracial dream sex with the youngest -- 7 1/2 rock hard
inches (quite a stretch for the innocent virgin).  Within a few weeks, Sissy
could take every single inch of that wonderful weapon, and she invited Levi,
the middle brother, to partake of her charms.  His thicker nine incher
stretched her even more, increasing her desire for deep, aggressive
penetrations from big Black erections.

      She was so proud of herself!!  23 more fuck sessions with Levi, and Sissy
was ready to graduate to Rodney's 10 1\2 inch monument of lust!

      Rodney thoroughly performed his duties on the impressionable young white
girl -- he even taught her how to suck cock like a pro -- and by the end of
that year, Sissy was looking for, and finding, boys at school and around town.
She fucked all that she could seduce and before long Sissy began to notice some
very important differences between those fellas.  Some boys fucked her more
aggressively, more deeply and were much more satisfying than the others.
Darwin's theory of "Natural Selection" came into play and pretty soon Sissy was
ignoring the white boys -- they were smaller and less virile -- and giving all
of her "goodies" to those big Blacks!

