The story of my introduction to bondage and male submission is rather unusual 
and I think it will interest all of those who take delight in the two. Eric 
moved to my town at the start of his junior year in collage, after his mom got 
a good job.  He was a fine athlete, good student, and had a nice personality.  
Everyone like him, especially me.  But he had a hang up about his height: he 
was five feet either inches.  I was five feet eight inches too, with a 
32B-21-33 figure, high breasts and pretty good legs.  I told him I liked him, 
particularly his muscular body, but he felt that guys should go with girls 
shorter than themselves. I really liked his mom.  Paula was a pretty widow of 
thirty eight who always made me feel welcome.  We lived a block from their 
small house, my folks were in the last stages of a rotten marriage and didn't 
really care where I was or what I did.  Paula and I thought alike, and I could 
talk to her. A week before spring break, Eric was in a car accident.  He 
sustained cuts, bad bruises, and wrenched both shoulders.  The fourth day 
after his accident, I found Paula working with her son in their little game 
room off the kitchen.  Eric would need physical therapy at home, she 
explained, while I helped her put a pulley in the ceiling near the wall.  Next 
we ran a 2 x 4 out from the wall that had a cross piece with an eye screw in 
it.  I was puzzled, but she said I'd understand if I watched the therapy Eric 
underwent at the hospital.  I had offered to sit with Eric after he got home, 
and Paula said I could help with his therapy as well if I was of a mind to.
The next day I visited the hospital therapy room.  Eric was in a cubicle, 
standing on a wooden platform, his ankles strapped to an eye screw.  He said, 
"Welcome to the torture chamber."  The therapist explained that Eric had 
passed up an easier treatment for a faster but rougher one.  Eric's hands were 
strapped together behind him with a rope, which was pulled through a pulley 
attached to his hands.  This made him stand very erect, but bent him nearly 
ninety degrees from the waist with his arms pulled back and up behind him.
I sat on the stool to wait out the thirty minutes with him.  He wore a towel 
around his hips, and I admired his taut, smooth, muscular body.  I was very 
aware of how helpless he was, and also of his near nakedness.  I got excited 
just thinking about being alone with him like that.  We talked a bit, and he 
seemed glad I would be with him at home; it meant he could do therapy twice a 
day.  By the end of the thirty minutes he was almost moaning and sweating, and 
the sight of him thrilled me and made me very wet between my legs. Eric came 
home early Saturday.  Twice that day, and on Sunday, Paula and I got him into 
position, even joking about it as we called him "Slave."  Eric said that he 
felt like one and called each of us "Mistress."  Those words really turned me 
on!  I realized that I'd be alone with him for the next five days, and I could 
Hardly wait. Monday, I was alone with him during his therapy session while he 
stood tied and bent forward.  Unable to resist temptation, I ran a finger down 
his back and confessed that I wanted to do three things to him: pull the towel 
off, whip his ass, and keep him bound.  He hung quietly before me a moment or 
two, then whispered, "Since I can't stop you, you might as well have fun."
I loved seeing him naked, especially his thick cock, which curved down over 
heavy balls.  I cracked a belt over his taut buttocks and adored each red line 
that appeared on his flesh.  Afterward, his cock jutted straight out and was 
wet at the end.  His face streamed with tears, and my panties were soaked from 
excitement.  Within minutes he lay bound on a bed under me while I straddled 
him, his penis throbbing in my vagina.  We came together and it was glorious.  
Later, while we lay side by side, he said that he had loved it, too. By 
Friday, he was performing cunnilingus on his knees before me and licking his 
come out of me after intercourse.  While he hung in traction during therapy, 
I put a metal ring around his cock so he wouldn't come while I teased him 
unmercifully.  Afterward, he waited on me hand and foot, nude, as my slave.  
That weekend, with Paula home, he wore the towel again, and we were both 
disappointed when we couldn't play our usual games following therapy.  Also, 
I noticed that, like me, Paula enjoyed being called, "Mistress."  I couldn't 
wait for Monday to arrive.  School would be back in session but I knew we 
would be able to enjoy ourselves in the afternoons. Thursday afternoon, I 
hooked Eric's feet to the eye screw and pulled his arms back and up behind 
him, making him bend far forward.  Admiring my naked slave, I put a strap 
around his balls, forcing them down together, and then snapped a steel ring 
shut on each nipple.  I ran a cord from one ring down the the eye screw and up 
to the other ring, making it tight so that the rings pulled down hard.  After 
putting a third ring around his swelling cock, I stripped of my clothes and 
put a belt and hairbrush on the footstool.  I was in the bathroom when the 
outside door opened and someone came in. I ran into the kitchen, looked into 
the little game room and saw Paula looking at her son.  I expected her to 
scream, or attack me, or call the police, Instead, she ran to me, smiling and 
then hugged and kissed me. Twenty minutes later we both sat alongside Eric.  
Paula held the belt, which  she, at my invitation, had used expertly.  I was 
still nude and ran the brush over Eric's cock while Paula and I talked.  Until 
his death three years ago, Paula's husband was her slave.  She had seen the 
same need for bondage and discipline in Eric but had done nothing to satisfy 
it.  She felt that he should be disciplined by a girl his own age.  She had 
seen in me the same traits she possessed and felt Eric and I could have a 
beautiful relationship under the right circumstances.  Eric's accident had 
proven to be a blessing in disguise.  She had had a chance to come home early 
from work that day and, far from being shocked, had been delighted to discover 
her son being disciplined.  She was also happy, later on, to share him with me 
in the bedroom. After that, I spend each weekend at Paula's.  We loved having 
our slave do the housework nude, followed by a paddle party, then a session 
with Eric tied naked in bed.  All through that summer and into our senior 
year, Eric and I cemented a wonderful slave/mistress relationship.  When a 
new male teacher, Ted, forty years old and single, joined the staff during 
second term, Eric and I read the signs in him.  We got him together with 
Paula, and within two months they had their own special relationship underway.
Now, four years later, Eric and I are man and wife, as are Ted and Paula, and 
no two happier mistresses ever had two finer slaves.  I'm especially happy 
twice a week when Eric goes into his therapy pose.  I am reminded all over 
again of how his accident led us to the bliss of bondage and discipline.

Ms. E.M.  Colorado   Variations Feb/Mar 1980
