
From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:42:55 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Oldie but Goodie:  The Camping Trip 1 of 3
Message-ID: <6147cc$cc1b.177@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:12:27 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 453

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I didn't write this.  I've enjoyed it.  I've also found
a couple other stories out there that are very similar.
Some of these have been plagerized, no doubt.  I do not
know which is the original.  If this is not, my sincere
apologies to the auther.  But rest assured that any
story worth plagerizing must have been pretty good.

Jonboy


                        THE CAMPING TRIP

     Jeane lay very still.  She knew she was seeing something she
wasn't supposed to see.  A dim light was on in the other end of
the darkened camper.  She could see Mr. and Mrs. Harrison lying
side by side on the double bed.  Nancy and Josh were kissing.
They were lying on top of the cover, with their feet towards
where Jeane lay in the sofa bed.  Next to her was Alex, the
Harrison's retarded son.  Jeane could see that the two adults
were dressed for bed, and they were just lying there together
with their arms around each other kissing.
     Jeane couldn't believe that she was here.  She had been
dying to have a real good vacation and two weeks ago, Mrs.
Harrison had called her mother and asked if Jeane would like to
go on vacation with them to sort of baby-sit Alex.  Alex, who was
fifteen, was mildly retarded and could be a real handful
sometimes.  The Harrison's had told her that he had the mental
capacity of a six year old.  Since Jeane had always like little
children Alex was sort of appealing and had never been bothered
by him.  The Harrison's had opted to keep Alex home rather than
institutionalize him and it was real stressful.  Her mother had
agreed and they had stopped in the middle of the night to pick
her up at her house.  They were going to drive during the night
so that they would be at the camping park before morning.
     Alex had been sacked out on sofa in the middle of the travel
vehicle when she got on board.  He had waked up and they had
talked and giggled for a while before going to sleep.  She liked
Alex even though she knew of no one else who would tolerate his
occasional outbursts, except the Harrison's.  They had just
fallen asleep in their clothes there on the sofa bed together.
Jeane was on the right side of the bed, towards the back of the
vehicle and Alex was snoring next to her.  "Too cozy," you say?
Hardy.  She had been told by the Harrison's that not only was
Alex mentally six, but he was "very immature, both physically and
mentally," in other ways, too.  She wasn't sure what that meant,
but she gathered that letting her "sleep" with Alex wasn't a
"risk."  Well, at thirteen, she wasn't much of a "risk" either,
but lately boys had taken on a whole new dimension to her.
     Jeane had half-wakened when she felt the big camper bumping
over rough terrain.  Shortly after this she had been vaguely
aware of the Harrisons moving past where they slept to the back
of the trailer, and realized that they must have reached their
destination.  She had just about dozed back off when she heard
Nancy giggle.  She had peeked to see what was going on and
discovered that they were smooching.  Nancy had on a short gown
and Josh had on pajamas.  Now as she watched, she saw Josh
sliding his hands all over Nancy's big tits, and then she saw him
pull the strap of her gown down and take hold of her bare tit.
As she watched, she saw him lower his head to her breast.  With
his head in the way, she couldn't be too sure, but she had the
impression that he was kissing her tits.  Josh slid down on the
bed a little, and, as he moved, his crotch came into Jeane's
view.  She almost gasped aloud at what she saw.  His pajama pants
were bulging!  From the way his pants were sticking out, she knew
he had an "erection" as the books on sex called it.  Then she saw
him slide his hand up between Nancy's legs, pulling her gown up
as he did so.  When he reached her crotch, she opened her legs
and Jeane saw him slide his finger right up inside of her pussy!
From the angle she had, she could actually see his finger
disappear through the brown hair and go up her slit.  She saw
Nancy reach down and slide her hand inside the waist of Josh's
pajama pants.  From the way Nancy's hand was moving back and
forth, Jeane knew that Nancy was stroking Josh's penis.  She held
her breath as she watched.
     After several minutes, she saw Josh raise up and slide over
on top of her aunt.  She saw Nancy pushing his pajamas down, and
she almost gasped when his butt came into view.  She had never
seen a man's butt, and she was very excited at getting to view
this one.  She realized that she was "sexually aroused" as the
books called it.  She knew her virgin 13 year old pussy was wet
with juice.  She had played with her pussy a few times and knew
the excited feeling.
     She saw Nancy pull her legs up, her knees sticking up on
each side of Josh's thighs.  She knew that they were about to
have sex, or "fuck" as some of her more experienced friends at
school called it.
     Jeane saw Josh's buttocks tighten as he pushed against his
wife, and she realized that he must have just put his penis
inside of her vagina.  Jeane almost giggled out loud.  She was
thinking in the terms which she had seen in the books.  Her
friend, Jill, would have said that he just stuck his dick in her
pussy.  As she watched, she saw his buttocks tighten and relax as
he thrust into his wife and then withdrew.  Jeane lay very still
and watched his butt, looking at the way the muscles tightened
and relaxed as he repeatedly thrust and withdrew, thrust and
withdrew.  Josh was doing it faster now.  His buttocks were
clenching and relaxing at a much faster rate.  She could hear
Nancy sort of moaning and groaning in time with Josh's thrusts.
It sounded like she was really enjoying what she was getting.
Jeane saw Nancy's hands slide down over Josh's ass.  Nancy had
hold of his checks, pulling and pushing, encouraging him in his
thrusts.  Suddenly, she saw Nancy's legs jerk upward and heard
her begin to kind of moan and cry.  She saw Josh shove forward
hard and hold tight up against her.  His buttocks were clenched
tightly and she could hear him gasping and groaning.  She
realized that they must be "climaxing" and that his organ must be
shooting his stuff up inside of her.
     After a few moments, they lay still.  Jeane was hoping that
he would raise up and that she would see his dick when he pulled
it out of her, but he got up and pulled his pajamas up before she
could see anything.  He then went off to the bathroom leaving
Nancy still spread-eagled on the bed.  Jeane drifted off to
sleep.
     Jeane was awakened by a hand shaking her shoulder.
     "Jeane, rise and shine," she heard Nancy's voice.  Sleepily,
Jeane rolled over onto her back.  She had been having the most
wonderful dream.  She had been watching Josh's bare butt,
thrusting and pushing.  But it had been her he was thrusting and
pushing into!
     Looking around, she saw that Alex was sitting up beside her,
rubbing his eyes.  Nancy laughed at them.
     "You guys got a lot more sleep than we did last night, and
we're having to wake you up," she laughed at them.  "Come on,
I've got breakfast ready."  She motioned toward the front of the
vehicle, and Jeane saw that the booth-like table was set with
pancakes.  Josh was putting forks on the table.  The kids didn't
need any more encouragement.  They scrambled off the bed and
headed for the table.
     After breakfast, they all went out together to look around
the camp ground.  They were parked in a wooded section near a
river.  There was only one other vehicle in that section of the
park, a big conversion van, parked three campsites away.  There
was a small building next to the conversion van which Jeane
guessed was some sort of bath house.  Their campsite was all the
way on the end of the row, and it had a picnic table and a
campfire circle.
     They walked down the road past the conversion van and when
they rounded a curve in the drive, Jeane saw a swimming pool
ahead.  Beyond the swimming pool, there were more campsites, and
what looked like a lodge.  They walked on down to the swimming
pool, and discovered that there was a concession stand alongside
it.   The kids went around to inspect the pool while Josh and
Nancy walked on down to the lodge.
     As they departed, Nancy told her that Alex could swim in his
jams, but she had to take Alex into the ladies side while she
changed as Alex should not be left alone.  "I hope no one else is
in there," she laughed as they continued on their way.
     Jeane was relieved as she had never seen Alex naked, or any
male outside of babies she had babysat and a few wrinkled
pictures her friends had shown her once.  She had once walked in
on her parents as they were watching an "adult" video.  She still
kicked herself for being so absorbed in the TV that she had not
really noticed what they had been doing on the sofa.  Were they
ever embarrassed.  But she was younger then.  Only recently had
that incident returned to her imagination and with vengeance.
Actually, now that she thought of it it might have been fun to
"dress" Alex, maybe some other time.  The thought of that excited
her, until she remembered Nancy's "immature" speech.  Well, she
would find out herself.
     The ladies dressing room was empty, thank goodness.  She
told Alex to face the other way as she undressed.  Jeane had
always like to undress sensually, even before she had even heard
of the word.  Her mother had raised her to admire and respect her
own body and she had often told her how nice it was and how much
better it was going to be.  Even now, some nights when she had
trouble sleeping her mother would come to her room and give her a
massage to help her sleep.  Those nearly full-body massages were
wonderful and tingly, especially when she traced her budding
breasts and nipples and around her genitals.  Her mother would
sort of go into a trance when she did that, but Jeane loved it.
Once her mother said, "Someday a nice young man is going come
along and do this to you and you will see why being a woman is so
great."  She was beginning to get the idea already.
     Anyway, she obviously had taken too long as when she was
finally ready to slip on her bathing suit she noticed that Alex
had turned around and was facing her.  His face was
expressionless.  He said nothing.  But then a great big smile
came to his lips.  "I like you, Jeane," he said.
     Quickly, she finished dressing and told Alex to hold still
while she took his shirt and shoes.  He stood stock still.
     They spent about an hour playing around alone in the pool.
Jeane was afraid Alex would be a pain, but he turned out to be
really fun.  They could play tag and all sorts of games as well
as just paddle around.  At one time during their game of tag he
got a little rough and insisted on hugging her, but she just held
his face and looked straight at him and told him to stop.
Actually, she wouldn't have minded it except she was getting
excited by all of the body contact and was embarrassed that
someone would see them.
     Nancy and Josh returned then.  Josh offered to take Alex
back, as Nancy wanted to take a shower.  She said Jeane could
join her.  That sounded rather interesting as she enjoyed being
with naked women, at least her mother and her friends.  She had
taken many showers and baths with her mother, which she
encouraged.  They could talk woman-talk, she said.
     They quickly undressed and went into the shower area.  It
was one big area, and was not divided into stalls.  Jeane turned
on the shower and began soaping herself.  Nancy was a tall,
elegant woman, that men would call well-built.  Her breasts were
fairly large and firm, jutting out proudly from her chest.  Her
stomach was slightly rounded, and her hips curved pleasantly down
to lovely long slim legs.  Jeane was much shorter and slim, tiny
compared to Nancy.  Her budding breasts were much smaller, being
about the size of tennis ball-halves and her nipples were pink
and delicate.  She had a flat stomach and the hip curves were
just beginning to show.  She also had lovely long legs.
     As Jeane lathered herself, she glanced at Nancy and saw that
she was facing directly toward her and was washing her pussy, her
legs slightly apart, giving her a look directly between her legs.
Then she turned around and dropped her soap on the floor and bent
over to pick it up, with her ass pointing straight toward Jeane.
When Nancy straightened up, Jeane saw her glance towards her.
Well, how about that, Nancy knew she was being watched and she
was showing off.  For several minutes, the two females continued
to wash themselves and cautiously display themselves to each
other.
     Finally, they turned off the water and moved to the dressing
area.  Jeane sat on a bench, with her knees straight towards
Nancy and spread her legs, drying her pussy in full view.  She
glanced at Nancy.   Surprisingly, Nancy looked at her and nodded
approvingly.
     "You are going to be a beautiful woman, Jeane," she said.
"I pray you find a man who will also appreciate your beauty and
womanness.  You obviously approve of me, too.  I trust you would
approve of my sensuality also, as they go hand in hand.  Josh and
I are out here to try to get something going in our lives,
marriage, that is....Oh, hell, our sex lives.
     "You understand what I mean don't you?"  But before she
could say she didn't, Nancy continued, "Jeane, I think that
sexual intercourse is just about the greatest thing there is.  I
could fuck (that term doesn't offend you, does it?) all day long,
but Josh doesn't want to.  I am lucky to beguile him into doing
it once a week.  Once when I was desperate I got him to screw me
five times in three days, but then I got afraid he would not be
able to get it up and then he would really be a problem.  He also
has a tendency to skip the preliminaries and stick it right in.
We go through K-Y like mad.  I had an affair once with this great
guy (but he was married and it got messy).  He knew how to do it.
Wow, did her ever," she trailed off.
     "I sure hope you find a caring, sensitive guy like that.
Believe me it ain't the size of the cock that does it, no siree.
I also had a sort of an affair with another lady.  That was
nearly as good.  I can see where the lesbians could be well
satisfied.  It is all in the caring and sharing.  Big macho men
with big cocks are a pain and I don't mean physically.  Why our
vaginas can birth a baby with a huge head, so no cock's ever too
big."
     "I am sorry, Jeane, I just got carried away.  I just sort of
see a kind heart in you, someone who would listen to my
frustrations without blaming or belittling.  I sure hope you
don't mind.  Do you?"
     "Of course, I don't, Mrs. Harrison.  Although..."  "Cut the
'Mrs. Harrison' crap.  My name is Nancy."
     "You know, I say you and Josh doing it last night?"
     "You did?  Well, that's great, well, no it wasn't, I mean,
you didn't see a great example of screwing, but I am glad you saw
us.  It is sort, well, makes us intimates, doesn't it?  That
wasn't one of his worst times, but I was just as horny after as
before.  Did you like watching?"
     "Actually, I did.  What does it feel like, I mean, having
someone put something inside of you?  It sounds gross to me."
     "Well, now, Jeane, if just anyone came along and said, 'Hey,
let me put this pretzel up your twat,' well, I would agree with
you.  But when some gentle, caring guy (or gal, as the case might
be) has got you higher than a kite, it feels like you've died and
gone to heaven when he sticks his cock (or most anything) in you.
Believe me, Jeane, it may seem gross, but God sure knew what She
was doing.  And I know God is female, because after men screw
it's all over, but we, women, just keep right on going, if we
don't let the bastards turn us off.  Stick with me, Jeane, and
I'll show you."
     At that she got up, still stark naked, and went over to her.
She reached down and gave the young girl a big hug.  Since they
were both naked there was a lot of skin to skin contact, and was
it neat.  She lifted her right up (Nancy was no shrinking violet)
and held her off of the ground.  She set her on the bench and
stepped back to look at her at arms length.
     "Yes, Jeane, I could easily become a big, big fan of yours,"
she said as she slowly let her gaze drop down and take in my
whole body.  Then her soft delicate hands also took the same
trip.  "My, my," she whispered as her hands gently fondled
Jeane's ripening breasts.  Jeane's nipples quickly stood erect to
greet Nancy's touch.  Her warm hands then traced Jeane's youthful
contours to her slim hips.  Then she carefully took Jeane's hands
and placed them on her own ample breasts, encouraging her to play
with her nipples as she had done.
     The tingling sensations were driving Jeane crazy and when
Nancy reached around and enveloped Jeane's small, but firm,
buttocks and stretched further to trace between her legs, she
could stand it no more.
     "Nancy, I am going to faint," and she went all wobbly.
     Nancy grabbed her and set her down on the bench.  "I am so
sorry, Jeane.  I had thought that maybe this wouldn't have been
quite so new for you.  I just about came just looking at you.  It
wasn't fair of me to take advantage of you like this, forgive
me."
     Having learned about the finer things in life in the last
few moments, Jeane protested as adamantly as she could.  "Nancy,
I have never felt so wonderful, so needed and so wanted as I did
just now.  I guess it is just too much for me all at one time."
     As Nancy helped her dress, she smiled and said, "Jeane, you
have not seen the last of me.  We are going to continue this, ...
well, conversation of ours, again.  I might let you in on a
little secret a little later also."
     As she finished dressing herself, she said, "I am trying my
damnedest to get screwed all week, so could you please try and
keep Alex out of our hair as much as possible.  I sure don't mind
having you close by anytime (and she emphasized the "anytime"),
you might learn something useful, you never know.  But I don't
know how Alex would react to our fucking, so the writing is on
the wall.  You, young lady, however, are in for some intensive
lessons, I hope, so keep your eyes open."
     On that note, they left the shelter and headed back to the
camper.
     The rest of the afternoon and evening was spend hiking and
messing around the camper.  After a late supper Nancy winked at
Jeane and suggested that they all hit the hay early.  Josh
objected, saying it was the shank of the evening and besides
there was a party at the lodge.
     At that Nancy said, "Speaking of shanks, Josh, let's talk
about yours."  That shut him up, as he quickly looked over to see
if either of the kids had caught on.
     Josh took Alex in back to change.  Jeane quickly slipped
into her baby-doll under the admiring glance of Nancy.  "I can't
wait," she said, just before the men returned.
     Alex came back with pajama bottoms with no shirt.  Josh
suggested Alex sleep in the back and Jeane could take the couch.
Nancy suggested that the kids could watch a little TV before
going to bed, so the kids piled onto the sofa as Nancy and Josh
left for the party.
     On her way out, Nancy stopped by Alex and Jeane on the
pretext of kissing them each goodnight, but she whispered, "In
the glove compartment," to Jeane.  "Don't do anything I wouldn't
do," she chided in departing.
     The kids sat quietly for several minutes.  "Now is my chance
to further my education," thought Jeane.
     "I wonder what's in the glove compartment."  There was only
one way to find out, look.  She went up front and opened the
glove box.  Just junk.  But she searched through it and, lo and
behold, she found a video.  She didn't have to look closely to
guess what it might be about.
     "Want to watch a movie, Alex?"  "I suppose so.  Is it
Disney?"  "Sort of," she smiled back.
     "Did you really like what you say this afternoon, Alex?"
"Yes, it was neat."  "Would you like to see me again?"  "Ya, that
would be great, Jeane."
     She got the movie going.  It was one of the Grade C-types.
No plot, just screwing.  It blew her mind.  As she sat enraptured
by the movie she totally forgot Alex was next to her.  She still
thought it sort of gross, but just watching brought that tingling
sensation back to her loins.  But the insensitivity and near
violence of the men and indifference of the women, was a near
turn-off for her.  "It sure looks like the men enjoy that, but I
am not sure the women do," she thought.
     When it was all over and her breath had come back, she
remembered Alex.  She looked over and say him stretched out on
his side where he had started, only now, he was sound asleep.
"Nancy sure was right."
     So now what should she do.  She put the video back and
returned to the sofa.  She didn't feel like sleeping.  She wished
Nancy was here.
     She went into the bathroom.  She was going to take the
ponytails out of her hair.  She stood in front of the mirror with
her pajama tops pulled up and looked at her tennis-ball-sized
developing breasts.  They were nice.  Not big like her mother's
or Nancy, but both women liked hers, so they must be all right.
Her hand crept down to her loins.  She wanted to get all wobbly
again.  She closed her eyes and let her mind wander back to the
afternoon in the shelter.  She felt the tingling between her legs
again and a strong need to touch herself there.   Before she
realized it, she had a finger deep into her vagina, and another
over her little bud-clitoris rubbing it in a circular motion.
     At that moment she heard, "Wa'cha doin?" Alex rudely asked.
     "I should ask you that, Alex,"  she returned, quickly
pulling her hand out of her pajama bottoms and dropping the top
back down.  "You shouldn't be spying on me."
     "I wasn't, I just had to go to the batroom and you were
here."
     She didn't know what he had seen, but she wasn't sure she
cared as the pleasant sensations had not diminished.  "Go ahead,
you won't bother me."
     At that he unbuttoned his pajama fly and pulled out his
penis.  Now, she certainly was no expert on these things having
only a few minutes before even seen much of penises.  She knew
that they did grow much bigger when erect and all of those she
had seen in the video were erect and, of course, huge.  Alex's
was actually small compared to them, but it had a certain
fascination about it, even flaccid.  She stared at the soft pink
thing, about five inches long and as big around as, maybe, a
garden hose.  Alex held it complacently in one hand and let out a
horse-like stream of piss.  He sort of played at making a design
of bubbles in the toilet bowl and seemed disappointed when
finished.  She would have loved to take it in her hand and see
what it was like.
     As Alex was stuffing it back into his pajamas, she
hesitantly inquired, "That is very nice, Alex, may I look at it
some more?"  "Ya, you don't have one, do you?"  "No, but I have
something nice, too."
     What Alex said next almost caused her to keel over:  "I
know.  Ma lets me see her's and if I'm good she lets me play
around it.  It is fun to mess around in there, but it gets messy
and I have to wash my hands and I hate to wash my hands and Ma
sure acts funny.  She gets all excited and bounces around and
screams, but she won't let me stop.  She says someday maybe she
will show me some more things to do.  Can I play with your's?"
     Well, with an introduction like that, what could she do?
Trembling with anticipation, she managed to get out, "Sure, let's
go back out to the sofa, it's too crowded in here."
     They both rushed back out the narrow door, and just like the
Keystone Cops, they wedged themselves.  This was the second time
Jeane could actually recall touching a Jim's bare skin.  This
time the touch was more electric than in the pool.
     After some struggling they freed themselves and raced for
the sofa.  They tied, and flung themselves down on the narrow
mattress.
     "Tell me what your mother does now, Alex."  "She just takes
off her clothes and lays down on the bed.  Then she tells me to
get a big gob of spit and lick it all around her house until it
is real wet, then she tells me to pretend the little man is a
soda and then I get to play with the little man and go in the
house."
     "I don't know what all of that means, but I will take my
pajamas off and you show me.  It doesn't hurt does it?"
     "Well, sometimes she acts like it, but I wouldn't hurt a
flea, and she won't let me stop and I don't know."
     In no time she had her pajamas off and was stark naked
before a person for the second time today.  She stretched out on
her back on the sofa.  Alex seemed to enjoy looking at her body,
or at least that is what she thought.  Her body was starting to
take shape and she wasn't the skinny kid she used to be.
     Her legs were slightly apart and bent up at the knees.  Alex
could see the smooth white of her inner thighs.   He placed his
hand gently on the inside of her thigh and softly squeezed.  She
didn't pull away or tell him to stop.  He felt an electricity
flow through his body that he had not felt with his mother.  He
hesitated.
     Jeane felt the electricity too.  She wasn't sure what to do
because she was so excited.
     She felt his vacillation.  "Is something wrong, Alex?"  "I
dunno.  I feel sort of funny."  "Is it a good feeling or bad?"
"I dunno, kinna good."  "Well, Alex, I feel great please keep
going."

The End of part 1, continuing with part 2...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:43:06 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Oldie but Goodie: The Camping Trip 2 0f 3
Message-ID: <6147cc$ce28.1e4@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:14:40 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 539

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

The Camping Trip 2

     At that he boosted himself up onto the sofa and somehow got
himself lodged between her legs.  The sofa was really not meant
for this type of activity, but it was not going to stop either of
them.
     He leaned down and just before be buried himself into Jeane
awaiting pleasure box, he said, "Gee, you don't have so much
grass around your house as ma does and where is the little man?
On ma, he stands up very straight.  When he is standing up and I
just touch it, ma just whoops.  It's fun seeing her go crazy.
Maybe you don't have a little man."
     As he was talking, his hand motion slightly intensified as
he gently stroke her soft inviting thigh.  His hand had inched
it's way up so that he was now feeling her crack.  He could feel
her moistness as his finger explored.
     Before Jeane could say anything, he lowered himself down so
he could lubricate the premises.  In one fell swoop, Jeane felt
herself leave the world of children and enter the sensuously
delightful world of adults.  The first touch of his tongue on her
private parts cause her great anxiety, it violated all she had
been taught, but the exquisite sensations could not be denied.
She writhed and twisted and might possibly even have escaped, but
Alex was used to "an active partner" and held her firm in his
grip.  Slowly and lasciviously his warm tongue found her every
fold and recess, bringing hot saliva to moisten and oil and
leaving a tingling she had never imagined in her wildest dreams.
     "Mmmmmmmmmmm... That feels good!"  she said softly.
Encouraged by this, Alex renewed his efforts and planted a juicy
kiss right on her mons.  The sensation was exquisite.  He uttered
not a word as his warm lips and tongue played games of passion on
her genitals.  Only when he had finished lavishing and lathering
her and bringing her near to the brink of her first climax, did
he pause.
     He backed away and with the tender touch of a practiced
lover he gently found the entrance to her vagina.
     Jeane had heard that women had something called a G-spot,
maybe he was searching for that, but she would never know if he
found it or not, as she had her first orgasm and it nearly blew
her mind.  She didn't even care if Alex heard, but everyone else
in the rest of the world surely heard her reaction.  Her scream
of ecstacy rose and rose reaching a pinnacle just as the
lightening flashed through her brain and a gush of emotion
flooded her body.  This was what Nancy had talked about.  She was
right.  It was the greatest thing.
     But this outburst had not the slightest effect on Alex.  He
once again replaced his gentle hands with his probing tongue,
which continued it's explore, satiated its wanderlust.  It was
almost painful, but all Jeane could do was moan and hope he
didn't stop.  No one had ever done that to her before and it felt
so good.
     Alex's his hands were not idle.  Eventually, almost by
accident it seemed, they crept around to her buttocks.  Slowly
and sensuously his warm hands stroked her, not in a lewd way,
more like play.  He didn't seem to miss a contour.  The feeling
aroused even more of her, if that was possible.
     "Alex that was great, please don't stop.  Do it again
exactly the way you did before, please."
     Alex obediently nodded, sending additional shiver of passion
up her spine and snuggled down deeper in her crotch.  With a few
quick stabs with his tongue he finally found her clitoris, which
had swollen to a visible size and peaked out from under its
protective fold.
     "I found the little man, Jeane," he cried.  "So that was
what he meant," Jeane thought, "Boy, is this great."  After many
delicious minutes feeling his expertness raise her once again to
dizzying heights, she involuntarily arched my back under the
urging of his warm hands still massaging my buns.  Another sharp
cry erupted from her as a second and more intense climax arrived.
     Alex paused for breath, now.  He rose and knelt above her
with a kindly smile on his face.  "Did you like that?"
     She was beyond speech, but her smile must have satisfied him
for he asked no more.
     She looked down at herself.  She was all pink and white,
stretched out on the sofa.  Her smoothly rising ivory breasts
were each crowned with a little pink nipple, proudly erect.  Her
smooth white legs, her inner thighs, gently curved to meet at,
then feeling like her very soul, her crotch, where the silky
pubic hairs nestled all around her passionately rising mons.  The
virginal labia swollen and ripe and, of course, her dear little
clitoris, although hidden from her view, was stoutly erect,
hungering once again for human contact.  And now the moistness
oozed out of her vagina, down her crack to disappear in the
mattress below.
     At that instant she heard laughter.  It was Josh and Nancy
returning.  Quickly, she sent Alex off to bed in the back and got
her pajamas back on nearly the right way and crawled under the
covers to wallow in her own cum.  All she could do was feign
sleep as the lights were still on in the camper.
     "Oh, look she fell asleep before she could even turn the
lights off," Nancy said as she leaned down to kiss her on the
cheek.  "That's funny," she said and paused.  Jeane nearly died,
but she only said, "Nothing," when Josh asked what it was.
     "Wasn't that a total dud, Josh?" she said.  "Naw, I thought
it was great.  I like those guys."  "To hell with those guys,
Josh, let's fuck."  "Not tonight, I am tired and it was a hard
day, besides we did it last night."
     But Nancy wasn't going to give up that easily.
     "How do I look?" she said as she stepped out of her clothes
in an instant.  "You always look great, Nancy, you know that, but
put something on, Jeane is right there."  "Ah, she's out cold.
Come on give me your big cock, macho man."
     Jeane could just see out of the slits of her eyes that Nancy
had reached around the slowly disrobing Josh and unzipped his
pants.  "Let's see what ya' got, big guy."
     Jeane never saw, because Nancy moved around him and slid her
body seductively down his front.  She fiddled there for just an
instant and his pant mysteriously slipped to the floor.  Quickly
she pulled his undershorts down and let out a low mournful moan.
"Josh, it's magnificent."
     Josh's protests were apparently in vain as he stood stock
still.  Jeane could still not see what was going on, but her ears
detected a sort of slurping noise.  Silently, she rolled over
slightly so she could see better, but all that was readily
visible was a hairy rear end.  She could see the muscles in his
buttocks tighten and relax and very slowly his pelvis sort of
started moving towards Nancy, then away.
     His swaying became more exaggerated and Jeane could hear him
panting and groaning over a background noise of something like
someone slurping soup.  Suddenly the noise stopped and in a low
passionate voice Nancy said, "Take me Josh.  I want this big cock
in me.  I want your cum to fill me up."  "No.  Keep it up.  That
feels great, Honey.  I like it this way."
     The struggle that ensued was hard to follow.  Two
practically naked adults (Josh still had on his shirt) proceeded
to wrestle like little children.  Only when Josh accidentally
knocked something off of a table did he stop and say, "OK,
dammit.  Only be quiet about it or you will wake up Jeane."
     He turned around and looked directly at Jeane, but she had
her eyes closed, anticipating his move.  Nancy moved around Josh
and grabbed a couple of blankets out of the cupboard and threw
them on the floor.  As she lay down, practically right next to
Jeane, she glanced over at her and gave her a big wink.
     "Over here, Nancy, we can't do it right next to her.  You
know all of the noise you make."  "No, this time I'll be quiet.
Come here, quickly, Josh, I want it now."  "Damn woman.  Never
seems to get enough of this," he whispered as be came over and
knelt down between Nancy's wildly spread legs.
     It was then that Jeane got her first good, close up, real
life look at an erect penis.  She gasped audibly, but Nancy,
possibly expecting that reaction, continued babbling on about
what a he-man he was and how he was hung and other tidbits of
wisdom.  Jeane saw that Josh's cock was obviously very wet as it
glistened in the dim light from the camper ceiling.
     He leaned over and placed his hands next to Nancy's waist
and planted a juicy kiss on one erect nipple and practically fell
on her.  With virtually all of his weight on her he reached down
with both hands and grabbed his penis.  His hips bobbed around
for a few seconds like a bouncing ball.  Jeane was still
breathless from seeing his cock it all its exposed glory.  She
knew what he was going to do now (she had paid attention in sex
education class, after all), she just couldn't see anymore.
     Then he paused and with a groan of almost pain his hips
crashed against Nancy.  She let out a subdued whoop of delight
and wrapped her elegant legs around his waist.  Then with another
sort of slurping noise his hips rose as if pulled by a string and
then sunk back into Nancy.  With each return, Nancy moaned a
seemingly dreadful moan, but her hands, around Josh's back,
betrayed her intent to have him continue.
     "Shut up.  You'll have that kid waking up."  "That's OK.
She could learn something here."  And glanced again over towards
Jeane, faking sleep.  For an instant their eyes met and Nancy
smiled at Jeane.
     Josh's response was unintelligible as his hip motion rapidly
reached a fever pitch and he lower his face to Nancy and kissed
her hard on the mouth.  With a groan of his own he gave a final
lurch stopped.
     "Please, just a little longer," Nancy whimpered, as she
desperately tried to continue the rocking of her hips.  But she
was pinned by the full brunt of Josh's weight.
     As Josh tucked his head down next to Nancy's, she turned
towards Jeane and with an odd expression on her face gave out a
guttural cry and squeezed her muscular legs until Josh cried out
in pain.  "Aaaaarrrrgggghhh, that was sooooo goooood."
     At that he rolled off and as he got up he said, "That ought
to hold you for a few days."
     "God, she's a heavy sleeper," he continued as he passed
Jeane on his way to the bathroom, his limp cock flopping and
dripping all the way.
     When he was gone, Nancy got up and leaned over Jeane.  "That
wasn't one of his best shots, but it still felt good.  Wait until
you do it, Sweetie.  I hope you enjoyed the view."
     Jeane winked at her and snuggled further under the covers as
Nancy gave her a moist kiss right on the mouth.  "Ginger,"
thought Jeane.  "Now where would she have gotten ginger."  With
her fingers dancing around her own clitoris, Jeane finally went
off to sleep with a smile on her face and anticipation in her
heart.
     The next day found all of the campers rested and full of
vigor.  Josh declared this the day of the hike.  He said, "Let's
all go together.  Togetherness is best."
     So off they went.  Most of the time Josh and Nancy lead the
way.  Jeane and Alex both giggled about the way that Nancy sort
of clung to him on the trail.  But they set a furious pace.
     About noon, they stopped to eat lunch.  Nancy said she had
brought something along especially for lunch and said she needed
a small fire.  She gave instructions for setting things up to
Jeane and said that she and Josh would be off to forage for
firewood.  Josh said he could get it, but Nancy insisted to going
too.  Jeane tittered as the went off arm in arm.  She really
wanted to follow them, but she couldn't leave Alex and she was
afraid to take him along.  After about forty-five minutes they
returned, sans firewood.  Nancy had a big smile on her face and
Josh had this sort of satisfied look about him.  Their clothes
were all messed up.  Nancy gave Jeane an great big wink and real
cozy hug when she got back.  All Jeane could make out when she
hurriedly whispered in her ear was something like, "much better."
Only after they had sat down did they realize that they had
forgotten the firewood.  With a rosy red face, Josh said he would
go some, "alone, this time."  He was back inside of five minutes
with enough kindling for five fires.
     The buckwheat pancakes were great, but it was not clear that
either Josh or Nancy notice them.  Out of the corner of her eye,
she notice once that Nancy had slipped her hand inside of Josh's
shorts.  She disappeared a long way and Josh squirmed a lot as he
tried to maintain some sense of composure.  He didn't succeed too
well.  After lunch, Jeane suggested that she and Alex do some
searching around a hillock close by.  Nancy though it was a great
idea, but Josh nixed the idea.  "We should all stay together," he
said.  That seemed to put a pronounce damper on the party the
rest of the afternoon.
     When they got back Jeane renewed her suggestion that she and
Alex take off to go swimming.  Since Josh wasn't within ear shot
when Jeane made the offer Nancy gave permission and with a
passionate hug she bid the children off.  "Take your time, she
fired after them.  "We will.  Enjoy yourself" Jeane replied.  The
big beautiful smile in response was not lost on Jeane.  The
scheming little girl was busily working on a plan to get back and
view the entertainment.
     But the fates were not with her as Alex wanted to really
swim.  So Jeane had to content herself to playing make-believe
tag and water football with Alex.  The physical contact was a
delight for her, but it was frustrating as her vivid imagination
allowed her to see the intimate encounter between the impassioned
adults.
     After an hour or so they returned to find Josh alone.
"Nancy went off to take a shower.  We were invited to a party
again this evening, I hope you don't mind."  "Naw, we'll get
along."
     Jeane had an overwhelming desire to return to the ladies
shower, but couldn't figure out a way to do it.  In dejection,
she just sat down and waited.  Alex came over and tried to
console her, even though he didn't know what was troubling her.
As he put his arms around her, she felt a twinge of something
very nice.  "Maybe this won't be so bad after all," she thought.
But Alex, obviously concerned interrupted her thoughts leaning
very near her face and whispering, "Maybe we can look at each
other again when they are gone."
     Jeane about fell off of her chair, but she composed herself
enough to smile back and say, "Ya.  Don't tell anyone."  "I know,
Ma, doesn't want me to talk about that sort of thing either, but
you are my friend, aren't you?"  She leaned up and kissed him
right on the lips.  He knew what the answer was.
     Nancy returned looking like a million dollars.  Jeane caught
her before she entered the camper where Josh and Alex were.  "You
sure look beautiful, Nancy.  I wanted to come down to watch you
shower, but I couldn't figure out how to do it."  "Thanks, I sure
would've liked you there.  I suspect that Josh is going to stay a
long time tonight.  How would it be if I pretended to have a
headache and come back early, after Alex has gone to sleep?"
     Jeane hadn't expected that.  "Well, maybe things were going
to happen here, Nancy.  Last night Alex saw me naked and he
showed me his penis."  "Did he say anything, Jeane?"
     She paused for such a long time that Nancy had the answer
she dreaded.  "Oh, God, Jeane.  Please don't tell anyone.  I have
been so desperate for some type of affection.  We never screwed,
Jeane, believe me."  "I know.  He was quite clear about certain
things and I assumed others.  He seemed to enjoy you as much as
you enjoyed him."
     "Well, Jeane, you already know that he isn't as 'immature'
as I had implied, but I am not sure he knows enough to fuck.  If
you want to let him play with you like I do, go ahead.  You will
enjoy it, but I doubt that anything else will happen.  He may be
physically able to fuck, but I am not sure that he would want to
or be encouraged to.  He never seemed to get, how do you say it,
turned on with me.  He does have a nice penis doesn't he?"
     "It is the first one I had really seen, except for babies.
Then I saw Josh's and we saw those movies."  "Oh, forget those
movies.  You never find those in real life.  But I have found
that size isn't everything anyway.  It's not what ya' got, it's
what ya' do with it, that counts."
     At that the men stepped out and wondered what the girls were
talking about.  "Oh, just girl talk, Josh.  You wouldn't
understand.  Let's be off and let the kids enjoy some time away
from the adults," she laughed.  The joke eluded Josh, but he was
anxious to leave anyway.
     After they left, Jeane, nervously fixed some sandwiches for
them to eat.  She really wasn't hungry, but Alex ate ravenously.
If she hadn't have know better she would have been disappointed
in Alex's lack of interest in their evening's activities.  As it
was, he acted like this was any other evening.  "Calm down,
Jeane," she told herself.  "Maybe nothing interesting will happen
anyway."
     After the dishes were cleared up she turned around to figure
out what to do next.  Alex had placed himself squarely in front
of the TV and was watching some innocuous program.  "Would you
like to do something else, Alex?" she hoped.  "Naw, let me see
this program."
     Now she was disappointed.  She decided that she should take
the upper hand, that is what Nancy would do.  She went into the
bathroom and again changed into her baby-doll pajamas.  She was
tempted to leave off the panties, but thought better of it.  She
went over to Alex and sort of snuggled up to him.  He responded
to her putting her arm around him by doing the same to her, but
his mind was on the boob-tube.  Then she saw it.  The TV cord ran
right past her beautifully-turned foot.  If she could just sort
of get it wrapped around her and just sort of pull it sideways,
it might just pull out of the socket.
     "What happened," Alex cried as the TV went blank.  "Fix it,
Jeane."
     "I'll try, but I don't know much about these things.  After
about five minutes of fiddling around with the TV.  She got the
bright idea to elicit Alex's help.  "While I fiddle with the
antenna, up here, could you get underneath me and turn those
knobs," she tried.  He complied by snaking his way between her
and the TV, but she had left him little room.  "Isn't this cozy?"
she said.  "Ya', but I want the TV."
     Jeane persisted by having him continue to twist the knobs as
she sort of writhed against him.  At one point she actually got
his head beneath her pajama tops.
     "Now," she thought, as she pretended to topple backwards,
pulling him over on her.  She very nearly got the TV also, but
thankfully not.  As she lay sprawled on the floor with Alex
draped over her, she wanted to just grab him and kiss him and do
other things, but couldn't quite do it.
     "Oooooh, I think I hurt myself," she cried.  Alex quickly
scrambled up and helped her up.  "Help me to the sofa, please,"
she said.  He laid her gently on her back and leaned over.  "What
can I do?"
     "I seem to have hurt my chest, could you look at my chest
and see what I did?"  He slowly lifted her pajamas, but she urged
him to take it off altogether.  He sort of stared at her lovely
upraised breasts and exciting little erect nipples.  "Please
massage them, they hurt so much."
     "I know how to do that, I have done that for Ma."
     Jeane just lay back and closed her eyes and basked in the
gentle tender touch of Alex.  He first gently kneaded around her
small, but soft breasts, like he was kneeling a scone.  His touch
was warm and passionate.  Then his fingers crept up to her ivory
mound and traced around her tender areola several times, finally
spiralling in to the awaiting nipple, turgid with passionate
blood.  She moaned in ecstacy as he delicately and unknowingly
raised her ardor.  He slowly leaned down and with just the very
tip of his tongue he touched just the tip of her nipple.  The
electric shock brought a wave of heat over Jeane and she writhed
in a delicious climax.  He continued his interest in her
sensitive nipples and her orgasm continued unabated for several
minutes.
     Finally, when she could stand no more she reluctantly
reached up, cupping her own breasts under his electric tongue.
"Enough, I can't take anymore, Alex."
     "OK," he said and moved back.  Jeane just wanted to lie
there and bask in this delightful feeling.  Nearly oblivious to
her surroundings she did not detect the actions of Alex in
removing her pajama bottoms until fait accompli, or nearly so.
When she realized it she almost objected, but then thought, "What
the hell."
     As they finally slipped off, she said, for no apparent
reason, "How do I look, Alex."
     "Nice, real nice.  You look much neater than Ma.
     Some how she had lost any inhibitions.  Maybe it was the
warm room.  Or maybe it was the barely perceptible feel of warm
hands gentle caressing her body.  Her mind wandered off into the
netherlands as he delicately stroked her stomach, round and
around, slowly edging down her sides to the outside of her
thighs.  Then ever so slowly he felt his way around to the
marble-white virginal inner thighs and gently fondled the
sensuous curves leading towards the awaiting cavern of delight.
     Quickly she found herself rocketing out of control.  She
thrashed and twisted beneath his passionate petting.  Her mons
heaved in time to her heavy, almost labored, breathing as his
fingers crept closer and closer to that warm moist receptacle
beckoning him ceaselessly and irresistibly.  Nearer and nearer,
until just as they reached the soft labia and he began to trace
the delicate line up to where they met and the exquisitely hooded
clitoris residing in anticipation, Jeane was racked once again by
the passion of still another orgasm.  She could not hold back the
verbal sign this time and the low moan scaled upwards, just as
the charged emotions inside of her body soared, and ended in an
animal-like cry of pure delight.
     But Alex was seemingly not detracted as his warm fingers
gently moved the soft covering hiding her erect clitoris and
began tracing the base of that lovely and sensitive organ.
Slowly he crept up that tiny organ, the home of such immense
feeling, until with exquisite care he reached the top, the very
tip, and another impassioned wail fell from her lips.  The
ensuing moments of pause were broken only by her laborious and
loud panting.  He leaned over once again and followed the exact
trail left by his fingers, with his hot tongue this time.  Twice
on his way to the very tip of her clitoris she was overcome with
passion and released the passion and lustful sensations within
her.
     Finally she could bear no more and slowly closed her legs,
seemingly banishing him from her privates.
     Alex simply said, "Jeane, what's wrong.  I can do a lot
more.  Ma usually wants me to keep going lots longer than this.
Did I do something wrong."
     She was speechless, and just barely had the strength to
reach up and enfold him in her arms.  He allowed himself to be
brought down to her side.
     As he lay beside her on the sofa.  He said, "Jeane, I sure
feel funny.  What is going on?"  In a low hoarse whisper she
asked what he meant.
     He said, "Look."
     She looked down and saw that his pajamas were bulging.  Her
heart stopped.  With a weary smile stealing to her face she
slowly got up and knelt next to Alex.
     "Here let me look," as she slowly unbuttoned his fly and
with trembling hands spread his pajamas open.  His once flaccid
penis was now at half staff, striving to erect itself against all
odds.  She was enraptured as they both watched it pulse with his
excited heart beat and slowly, almost imperceptibly, creep up and
up and up until finally it stood tall and proud and nearly as big
around as her wrist.
     "Oh, Alex, it is wonderful.  Can I touch it."  "Sure I'd
don't care, but I don't know what caused it to do that.  Will it
go away?"  "Sure.  Together we can make it go away, but first I
want to examine it."
     A slight string of drool escaped Jeane's lips as she bent
over his erect cock in the dim light of the camper.  Slowly she
reached out, scarcely daring to touch it.  She was fascinated by
this bulging, apparently hard staff, that pointed straight up as
he lay back on the sofa.  As Jeane stared intently at his tool,
she stopping just short of grabbing it.
     Her eyes drop down to take in the lose sack that dangled
between his legs and rested on the sofa.  Gently, she reached
down and picked up his testicles, exploring each new wonder.
After she had investigated each fold and lump, she eagerly
allowed her hands to find and lock themselves around the base of
his slowly throbbing penis.  While still holding firmly with one
hand, maybe to keep it from getting away, her other hand began a
miraculous journey up the craggy sides, following fascinatingly a
distend vein until it disappeared just beneath the base of his
foreskin.  As she continued up she squealed with delight as she
found that his foreskin moved.  Slowly she retracted it on its
moist tracks until the flaming glans was revealed in all of its
glory.  Her other hand was fascinated by every pulse in Alex's
body each bringing a new surge of blood to enlarge his organ.
     Slowly she leaned over, just as he had done, and sought to
run her tongue over his stiff staff.  When she was about half way
up his erection she heard Alex moan and felt his hips begin a
rhythmic pattern up and down on the soft sofa.  In just a short
time his movement reached a fanatical pace and as they both
stared in awe, open mouthed, Alex's wad shot up, nearly hitting
the ceiling.  Neither child could say anything as yet another
gigantic shot surged upwards.  For what must have been a minute
they watched this magnificent performance, each succeeding
ejaculation slightly less then the preceding one, until only a
little oozed from him and ran down his erection.
     "My, that was amazing," she finally said.  "It sure was.  I
have never felt anything so wonderful in my life.  Is that what
you feel like when I play with your little man?"  "I am sure it
is.  Can I still play with your BIG man?"  "Sure, it feels nice."
     She leaned down once again to continue her impassioned
licking and to her surprise discovered the elusive ginger.  "So
that's what it was," she thought.  The very though sending
thrills down her spine.
     She had heard from some of her more "worldly" friends of how
men tended to screw and go on to other pursuits almost
immediately and of how their dicks shrunk back down in size after
they screwed so she longed to continue her play before that
happened.  She was much more fascinated with this manly post
before her than that flabby dangly she had seen in the bathroom
yesterday.  For another few minutes she continued her relentless
excursion around and up and down his sturdy projection, but it
just continued to stand tall and throb in tune with Alex's
breathing.
     As she leaned back to once again view that magnificent
creature one of her hands fell down to her own crotch.  As she
just stared at his in awe her fingers slowly sought her puny
erection and fondled it producing a surge of electricity inside
that seemed to demand release.
     She lay down next to Alex, lying quietly on his back.
Reaching over she encouraged him to roll on his side until he was
facing her.  She reached around him, pulling him to her and
kissed him, hard, on the lips.  This was the way one is supposed
to kiss, she thought.  Encouraged, he reached around and hugged
back, but his still stout erection prevented him for doing more
than just sort of leaning over.  The sticky-damp glans lodged in
the middle of her stomach bringing a sigh to her lips beneath the
deep kiss.  While he held her tightly she allowed one hand to
drift down to his penis once again as the other continued to play
around her clitoris, then creep down to her labia and slowly
enter the hidden reaches of her vagina.  "Suppose this was him,"
she thought.  Then as her blood fiercely pounded in her head, she
spoke out loud, "Why not."
     "Alex, let's sit up."  "Naw, this is fun.  I like it."  "I
don't want to stop, but I've got a better idea.  Take off you
pajamas and sit in front of me cross-legged.  They did.  And for
a few long moments they just sat there hungrily soaking up the
beauty before them.
     Alex reached out to gently cup her small, but luscious,
breasts in his warm hands.  Jeane extended her hand and caressed
his nipples.  A slow, fervent kiss exchanged their lips several
times.  Cautiously, at first, their tongues explored, as their
hands softly and hesitantly meandered among the delightful hills
and valleys of each other.  Their nipple stood at rigid
attention, her's being like lovely, ruby flowers stretching out
to Alex.  He paused a moment to delicately plant a warm, moist
kiss on each sweet breast.  Their fingers continued to enjoy
their romped as children at play, which they were.
     One of his hands crept up to stroke Jeane's hair and fell
lovingly to gently massage her shoulders and back of the neck and
ear; the other stole lower to her delicately smooth, creamy white
inner thigh and delicately inched to her pubic area.  It was
still dripping wet with her vaginal juices from her too numerous
to count orgasms.  He gently traced the contours of her pubic
mound and played with the sparse, but soft and downy pubic hair.
He tenderly frolicked over the mons and cautiously ventured
further.
     Her hands were far from idle as she caressed his chest and
arms and followed the contours down towards the deep and dark
nether regions.  As she reached the mound of soft hair
surrounding his still rigidly erect penis, it quivering and
quaked and maintained it urgent pose, proud and majestically
upright.  With supreme sensitiveness she once again slid the
foreskin back to expose the glistening head at which she marveled
a few minutes before.  Her finger traced the edges of the glans
around and followed it up to the narrow closed orifice.  Oh, so,
gently she lifted his stiff and forbidding penis up and looked it
head on.  Her soft fingers then touched a large serpentine vein
and followed it full length, wondering lazily as she went.  When
she reached the root, the source of the enormous organ's
strength, she extended her hand until she totally enveloped the
rigid staff.  The other hand stole down still lower to the
testicles.  In the heat of passion they were loose and pliable.
As she valiantly tried to capture and hold one, Alex caused her
to start.

The End of part 2, cont 3




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:43:15 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 1 incest, pedo, orgy
Message-ID: <6147cc$c142d.186@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:20:45 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 419

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. Jonboy.

Fathers Daughter-01

                            CHAPTER 1
                         The Report Card

     Little Suzy Fisher could hardly wait.      The cute ten-year-old
girl was sitting in third row seat of the schoolroom, almost
breathless with excitement.  In a moment she would know if her
efforts had succeeded.
     Nobody looking at the sweet innocence of the virginal young
beauty would have guessed the turmoil that was running through
the child's mind.  Except for a slight flush where her neck had
gotten red from excitement, nobody in the room would have ever
suspected that little Suzy Fisher was worried about her report-
card.  Suzy was an exceptionally precocious little girl, and
might normally have been accused of being a "teacher's pet" be-
cause of her amazingly good grades.
     Nobody would ever make such an accusation in John Stockda-
le's classroom though.  "Mr." Stockdale was as well known and
feared by his students for being strict and fair as he was liked
by the faculty for the high quality of his teaching.  At the
moment, he was busy handing out report-cards to the class.  With
each name called, a student went up to his desk, exchanged a few
words with him, and returned.  A few came back looking glad or
excited.  Most came back looking relieved.      Only 2 came back
looking like they weren't pleased with the results, and it was no
surprise to Suzy when it came to those two.  "Cindy Macon" Called
Mr. Stockdale.  Suzy watched as her sexy cousin got up, shook her
beautiful long brunette hair over her shoulders from where it had
been dangling down to her almost fully developed breasts.  At
eleven, Cindy looked much more mature than the 6-month difference
in their ages would have suggested.  While Suzy looked barely
more than a tomboy, with little buds for breasts, and only a
slight padding starting to develop on her slim hips, Cindy looked
almost like a full-grown woman.  Her swaying hips, and full
breasts had more than one of the members of the faculty having
wet dreams about getting her alone.  More than one of the older
boys in the school had already tried, but Suzy knew that her sexy
cousin had turned them all down.  Suzy wasn't sure she could have
refused some of the boys if they had asked her, but Cindy seemed
to be holding herself back for someone.  Suzy watched as her
cousin returned to her seat with a quick glance and a smile that
reassured her that her cousin had done OK.
     "Christ." Suzy muttered to herself.  Wouldn't the man ever
get to her?  Only 2 more students remained.  Then only 1.
"Finally." Suzy breathed as she got ready to rise and get her
report card.  But he didn't call her name.      Instead he said
"That's it, see you all next semester."  The teacher paused and
then continued "Suzy Fisher.  Could I see you in my office for a
few minutes.  I'd like to talk to you about your report-card."
     Suzy felt the blood drain from her face, as she turned white
as a sheet.  "Oh NO!"  She thought.  "Not after all this
trouble."       She couldn't fail now!  As she unsteadily got to her
feet she looked around at the faces of the other children who's
eyes were on her like spotlights.  She saw sympathy in most of
them, but sympathy was not what she wanted.  Right now, she
wanted the floor to swallow her up, before she started to cry!
She had worked so hard!  How could she have failed now?
     John Stockdale ("Mr. Stockdale" to his students) was a stern
man, but he wasn't cruel.  When he saw the result his announce-
ment had to his best student, he berated himself for an idiot.
     "Oh no!"   He explained in a rush.  "It's not that!  Your
grades are fine!  In fact, that's what I wanted to talk to you
about."  He paused then continued "Are you all right?"
     He really was worried, because the little girl looked like
she was going to faint right there on the floor in front of
everybody.
     "No, Mr. Stockdale.  I'm fine." Suzy replied as her breath
came back.  "Just a little dizzy is all."  The young girl could
feel her thin dress clinging to her body like a wet tee-shirt.
She realized that all the boys were gawking at her as the materi-
al clung to her budding tits, and she could feel her panties were
soaked with sweat.
     Realizing that the show was over, the class started to
disperse, but not before Suzy caught a reassuring smile from her
best friend and cousin Cindy.
     Suzy was now starting to feel a little chilly and sticky as
the sweat which had broken out, now soaked her clothes.  Grate-
fully, she followed the teacher's waved invitation into the
little office next to the main classroom.  This office was as
neat as you might have expected for someone like Mr. Stockdale.
Suzy slid into the wooden chair that he had available for guests,
not noticing that her short little dress, now sticky with perspi-
ration, stuck to the back of the chair as she sat down and lifted
the front up almost to her navel, exposing the thin soaked pan-
ties that were pulled tight into her pre-pubescent little slit.
     John Stockdale's breath came out with a rush as he sat down
in his chair and noticed how much of the little girl's charms
were exposed to his view.  "Ahhh Suzy."  He exclaimed "Don't you
think you'd better . . ."  He waved an embarrassed arm at where
the child was unknowingly exposing herself.
     Suzy looked down, and this time she actually did faint from
embarrassment.  "Oh Gawd!"  Was her last intelligible thought as
she slid to the floor in a boneless heap.  There was a slight
ripping sensation, then she was on the floor completely naked
from the waist down.  Her dress, still suck to the chair, had
gone up around her armpits, while her panties had caught in the
leg of the chair as it went over, and almost ripped them com-
pletely off.
     John's first thought was for the child.  He bounded from his
chair, and managed to catch her head before it hit the concrete
floor.  "Suzy, SUZY!  Are you all right?"  He asked as he cradled
the now almost half-naked little girl in his arms.
     Suzy slowly came around.  Her teacher's face was next to
hers and she had never seen him look so worried.  "I'm Ok Mr.
Stockdale"  She said woozily, as she snuggled into the comforting
arms of the older man.
     The teacher continued to hold the little girl as she recov-
ered.  Suddenly, the feel of naked skin on his bare hand, caused
him to realize what was happening.  He looked down at the child
in his arms, and almost dropped her.  He saw a half-naked little
girl in his big burly arms.  One hand was holding onto her naked
little ass, while his thumb was sticking between her legs, and
almost entering her virginal crack.  A half a pair of white gauzy
panties still clung to one leg, but the other was completely
bare.  A cold sweat of fear broke out.  If anyone came in, his
ass was grass!  No jury in the world would find him innocent of
child molestation and probably statutory-rape as well.  "Oh
Jesus." He muttered.  How did he ever get himself into such a
mess?
     "Suzy, Please?"  He almost cried.  "Can you get up?"
     Suzy aroused herself at his tortured plea.  "Whatever is the
matter?"  She thought, as she tried to get back to her feet.
Then she felt the cold air around her bottom and remembered what
had happened.   "You must think I'm terrible."  She whispered as
she vainly tried to pull her shattered panties back together.
"Exposing myself to you like that."  The little girl was almost
in tears as she kept trying to make a half-a-pair of panties do
what a whole one was barely capable of.  She didn't realize that
she was giving the older man a better view of her pre-adolescent
charms than if she had just given up.  As it was, viewing the
little girl in dishabille had given the man an erection that
threatened to split his trousers.
     "Uh Suzy.  Just take them off, and put them in your bag."
The older man instructed.  John's hard-on kept growing, in spite
of his good intentions. as he watched the girl in her disarray.
     "But what if somebody sees?" The little girl wailed.
     John's hair stood on end.  If anybody heard. . .
     "Just pull your dress down, and walk naturally.  Nobody will
notice."  He reassured her.
     "Oh Mr. Stockdale, I didn't mean to come in here and tease
you."  She smiled bravely up at him, suddenly aware that his
pants were bulging slightly.  "Though I might, if I were older."
She added smilingly as kind of an afterthought.
     "And I might enjoy it, young lady.  If you were older."  He
replied.  "Now back to business."  He continued as he watched the
child smoothing her short dress down over the flat little belly
that he would remember in his wet dreams for the rest of his
life.  "Your report-card."
     Suddenly all ears, Suzy jerked back to attention.  Her
report card!  She had been waiting all year for this moment.
     "All 'A's, of course." John Stockdale didn't realize the
effect this was having on the little girl sitting stunned in the
chair.
     "I've won.  I've WON"  She thought to herself.  The thought
grew too big to keep inside.  "Wahooo!, I'VE WON!"  She almost
shrieked as she jumped on the surprised teacher, wrapped her legs
around his body on the chair, and kissed him full on the mouth.
     John couldn't help but respond.  The sensuality of this
young girl was going to land him in jail yet, he thought.  He
still couldn't resist opening his mouth and sticking his tongue
out to see what her response would be.  To his surprise, the
little girl responded by opening her mouth, and almost swallowing
his tongue.  Then her little tongue was licking his.  He felt her
wet little pussy on top of his bulging pants as she wrapped her
little arms around him and gave him the kissing of his life.
     John had felt too much.  His cock exploded in his pants.
     Suzy knew it was happening, because her wild ride on top of
him got suddenly slicker.  Her bare pussy sent it's flood down to
join the slick stain that was seeping up to where her little
crack was rubbing against the bulge in his slacks.
     "Thank You.  Thank You."  She murmured as she gave him one
final hug, and a last little grind with her hips.
     "Thank YOU! my dear, but I could get in a lot of trouble, if
anybody ever found out about this."  He replied.
     "I'll never tell."  She responded as with one last soul-
hungry kiss, she returned to her demure station in the other
chair.  "Now what was it you wanted to talk to me about?"  She
inquired.       "I don't think that was it."  She added with a giggle.
"Though I'll never really be sure now, will I?"  This last was
added with a sparkle in her eye, and a burst of youthful enthu-
siasm that took all the sting out.
     "No.       Ahem."  John cleared his throat, and tried to get back
on subject.  "Suzy, you know you've gotten good grades this
year."  This was more of a statement than a question.
     Suzy nodded.  She should have.  She'd certainly worked hard
enough!
     "What you don't know, is that the faculty has been following
your progress with some interest.  We've never seen such dedica-
tion and hard work.  Now, I've had a couple of students that were
smarter than you, though not very many.  But I've never had a
student get grades this good for a whole year.  Now normally, we
like to see our students excel in their work, but this is far
from normal.  Do you see what I mean?"
     Suzy was confused.  Would he get to the point?
     "I mean, it's unusual for a girl your age to study this hard
and long, and neglect play and sports and other children
and. . .?" His voice trailed off in a questioning tone.
     "So?"  She prompted.
     "So.       What I mean is. . ."  He paused, then blurted.  "Are
your parents forcing you to do this?  Will you get in trouble if
you don't?"  It was hard to get the question out, but he felt he
must.  After all, child-abuse took many forms.
     All of a sudden, the secrecy, the questions the worried look
on her teacher's face all fell into place in Suzy's mind.  She
couldn't help it, she started to giggle.  It started out as a
snicker, then a "tee hee" then a guffaw, then a roar!  The girl
gasped and choked and laughed till her sides ached..  "Do you mean
to tell me that you think my parents might be. . ."  The thought
was too funny.  She burst into laughter again.
     "Abusing you.  It does happen."  He couldn't help but snick-
er a little himself, her laughter was so infectious.
     At this moment there was an interruption.  Cindy had been
worried when her cousin and best-friend didn't come out of the
office.  She had waited patiently outside, and had almost rushed
in when she had heard a loud cry earlier but hadn't dared enter.
Now, hearing what sounded like loud cries of pain, she decided
she'd better check.
     "Suzy, Are you OK?"  She called as she opened the door.  At
first, it looked like a rape scene.  Her cousin was rolling on
the floor holding her sides and screaming with what appeared to
be pain.  The little girl's dress was halfway up her naked little
belly, and her panties were scattered on the floor.  Their teach-
er was on the floor leaning over the little girl trying to calm
her down, with one hand on each side of her naked waist.  The
screams intensified.
     "Whoop!  Whoop!"  Suzy chortled.  Now her best friend was
getting into the act.  It was too much.  Her sides ached so much,
she could hardly move.
     "No, Cindy.  Stop it."  She barely managed to choke out as
she saw her cousin about ready to bean their teacher with a book-
end.  "It's OK.  Really!"
     "Are you sure?" Cindy realized that maybe things weren't
quite what they had seemed, but she held onto her impromptu
weapon anyway.  "What's the matter then?"  She asked, as she
started to realize that these weren't cries of pain, but of
laughter, and the tears in her little cousin's eyes were from the
strain of trying to stop.  "What's so Goddamn funny?"
     "He, He, Heee."  Suzy choked.  "He thinks Daddy might be
abusing me!"
     At this Cindy started to snicker.  Pretty soon, she was
holding onto her cousin as both of them rolled on the floor in
laughter, the bookend lying forgotten in the corner.
     Finally, John Stockdale could stand it no more.  "Will some-
body explain why this is so funny?"  He asked.  "Some people do
force their children awfully hard, and child abuse is not funny!"
Cindy was the only one who was in a condition to answer.
     "Ever been to his house?"

knew that Suzy would never be considered a "problem" student.
     "Well I go there all the time, and that girl's father wor-
ships the ground she walks on.  He tries to not let it show, but
anybody can see it in his eyes.  He'd kill anybody who even tried
to hurt his daughter."  She paused.  "I think she loves him the
same way."  She added as an afterthought.
     "Now."  She said, changing the subject.  "What happened to
your underpants?"
     "Feh. Fell..  Fell off the chair."  Suzy chortled as she
pointed to the chair where a wisp of cotton still clung to the
leg.  She didn't seem to realize that her bare belly and hairless
little vagina were exposed for all to view.
     "Well we'd better do something before somebody else comes in
here and reaches the wrong conclusions.  Here."  She said lifting
her dress right in front of the surprised teacher.  "Hold my
dress up, while I get out of these.
     John was too surprised to argue.  He watched in astonishment
as the sensuous little girl stepped out of her shoes while he
held up her dress and then calmly peeled out of her panty-hose
and lacy panties.  He almost had his nose in the child's belly
button, and he could smell the aroma rising from the sparse hair
that covered her dainty little crack.
     "Put on these." Cindy directed as she tossed the almost see-
through panties at her cousin, then started to step back into her
panty-hose.  At this time, she realized what she was doing in
front of her teacher.  She followed his gaze down to her suddenly
wet cunt, and then back up to his face.  "I'm sorry."  She said.
"I'm so used to going around naked with my brothers, that I
forgot you weren't one of them."
     "Lucky little brothers."  He replied as she calmly rolled
the panty-hose up her thighs without bothering to cover herself.
     "Lucky you too.  Maybe." It was almost a promise.
     "I'd better not chance it."  He replied as another surge of
fear went through him.  He'd better get these two sexpots out of
his office before some father came after him with a shotgun.
     "Your loss."  She seemed at ease as she shrugged her dress
back down, now looking no different than when she came in.  "If
you ever decide different. . ."  She left the idea hanging.
     "If."  He made no promises.  "Now Suzy, if somebody wasn't
forcing you to do this, why did you almost kill yourself to do
this well in school?  I have to tell the faculty something."
     Suzy thought for a minute.  It didn't hurt to tell somebody
now.  "I had a bet."  She replied.
     "A bet!?"  both of the other occupants of the room were
started to usher the two children out of his office.
     "Thanks, Mr. Stockdale, I really appreciate your concern."
Suzy said as she reached up and gave him another long open-
mouthed kiss, right in front of her cousin this time.
     Cindy watched with awe.  Maybe something had been going on
between the two of them, she speculated.  Not one to pass up an
opportunity, she tapped on her cousin's shoulder and said "My
turn."
     John Stockdale couldn't believe it.  He had just been kiss-
ing one of his little under-aged students in a manner that would
have been "Banned In Boston" and now the sexiest little girl in
the whole 5th-grade class wanted to do it with him.  He knew he
wouldn't be able to sleep for a week with the horny dreams these
two horny sub-teens were going to give him.  Still, he knew he
wasn't going to pass on the chance that half of the male faculty
members would give their right-nut to get.
     "OK Cindy."  He started to give her a peck on the lips.
     Cindy Macon would have none of it.  She opened her mouth,
and wormed her hot little tongue into his.      She started licking
his teeth, and sucking obscenely on his tongue.  "Mmmmmmph"  She
said as they kissed madly.  She started grinding her hips into
his with a sensuality that couldn't be contained.  "Oh Mr. Stock-
dale.  Someday, could you?"  She said, as she finally pulled her
tongue out of his mouth.  It was obvious what she was offering.
     "Maybe."   It was almost a promise.  He reached down and
patted each girl on her firm young ass as he gave each of them a
final kiss.  "Now scoot, both of you.  Shoo!"  He said as he
shoved them out of the door.
     He pulled the door shut behind the two girls and collapsed
in his chair.   "Whew!"  He exclaimed as he tried to get over his
close call.  Two minutes more, and he was sure that he would have
been fucking both of the pre-teens right on the floor, regardless
of the consequences.  Jail, or father's shotguns, or pregnancy
be-dammed.  He probably would have done it.  "And almost worth it
too."  He said to himself, as a pang passed through him for lost
opportunities.  Then he remembered Cindy's last words.  Maybe not
completely lost.  He straightened his tie, took a last look
around his office, grabbed Suzy's discarded panties, stuffed them
in his pocket, and left the office whistling after he locked up.
Maybe life wasn't so bad as a 5th-grade school teacher!
     "Suzy. did you?" Cindy had to find out.  They were walking
home on the road, having missed the bus, and not wanting to wait
for the "Last-Call" bus that took the sports and gymnastics teams
home.
     "Do anything with Mr. Stockdale? . . . NAW!  Just kissed him
a little.       But you know what?"
     "What?"  Cindy was all ears.
     "I almost wanted to." it was almost a whisper.  "I don't
know what I'd have done if he'd tried anything.  After all, There
I was with my bare pussy almost in his face.  I wouldn't have
blamed him if he tried."
     "Tried to fuck you, you mean." The two girls had known each
other for so long that they had almost no secrets from each
other.
     "Uh Huh.   How about you.  I saw you shoving your bare snatch
in his face.  Brothers indeed!"  She snickered.
     Cindy snickered also.  "I probably would have fucked him, if
you hadn't gotten him so scared.  But about my brothers.  Shows
how much you know."  She replied.  "Remember what I showed you
the other day?  Well where do you think I learned how?"
     "Who?  Not Billy!?"  Came the breathless question.
     "Yep.  My Horny big brother.  Came into my room one night
last year, and taught me how to take care of a boy without get-
ting knocked-up.  Charlene had just dropped him, and he figured I
wouldn't mind helping him out."  She continued.  "And I didn't.
He then helped me out."
     "You don't mean?"  The little girl couldn't help asking.
     "Yeah, He ate me out.  You ought to have your big brother
help you out."
     "Oh I couldn't.  Not with my own brother."  Suzy was sure.
     "Why not.  I know the thought of making it with your father
doesn't bother you, so what's so different about your brother?"
     "What do you know about my Father?"  Suzy was now on the
defensive.
     "I've seen the way you look at him.  Practically cream your
jeans anytime he smiles at you.  Not that I object.  I'd kinda
like to have him get in my pants myself.  He is sooo handsome."
     Suzy had to agree but: "You keep your horny paws off my
Father.  He's mine!"  She said with finality.
     "Ok OK!  He's yours.  Now what was that super bet you had
with your father?  A car? . . . You're too young.  I know what
I'd bet my Father if he'd let me."  Her voice stopped and she
speculatively looked over at her cousin.  Naw!  It couldn't be.
     "Anything I want." Suzy's voice was a whisper.
     "Anything?"  The older girl's incredulity showed.
     "He said if he could do it, or get it without hurting some-
body else, then I could have it."
     "Wow!  No wonder you've been busting a gut for the past
year.  What was the deal exactly?"
     "Straight 'A's for 1 year.  No 'B's or even 'A'-minus.  It
had to be 'A' or 'A'-plus.  On every report card, in every class,
on every test.  He said if I did that, He'd let me have anything
I wanted.       Anything."  Her voice trailed off for a minute, then
resumed.  "The only thing was, I couldn't tell a soul.  Not even
you.  I couldn't tell anybody, until I either won or lost.  He
said I had to do it on my own.  The only one who knew was Mother.
Sorry Cindy, but this is absolutely the first time I could tell
you."
     "Wow.  Anything.  That covers a lot.  I know what I'd want
if my Daddy offered me a deal like that."  She wiggled her hips
suggestively.   "You wouldn't be planning something like that
would you?"  The thought amused the older girl for a minute, then
suddenly she looked harder at her now silent cousin and best
friend.
     The two girls had reached their parting place, where the
paths to their 2 houses split.  Suzy was already several steps
down the other path when Cindy asked louder.  "Would you?"
     For minute it looked as though Cindy would never get an
answer as Suzy walked further and further away.  Then a ghost of
a whisper came back to the older girl.  It was very faint, but it
sounded like: "It's a start."

The End of chpater 1, continuing in chapter 2...





From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:43:25 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 2
Message-ID: <6147cc$c1634.1c5@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:22:52 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 512

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy


                            CHAPTER 2
                        Suzy win's a bet
     It was 10 O'clock the next day, when Suzy dropped the
bombshell on her father.  She had managed to get him alone, and
had shown him her last report card.  Not only 'A' but every one
an 'A'-plus.
     "Well Suzy, What is it you want?"  Dan Fisher told himself.
"This is going to bee a doozy!"  His daughter must have wanted
something awfully bad to have worked this hard for it.  When he
had originally made the offer, he had never expected Suzy to take
him up on it, let alone be able to keep up under the pressure for
a whole year.   Still, here it was, a year later, and time to pay
the piper.
     "I want you to teach me."  She said.
     "Huh?  Suzy, I thought you liked school?" Dan Fisher was
Puzzled.
     "Teach me about sex."  The precocious little girl amplified.
     "Sure, Honey.  Is that all?  I thought we explained that to
you last year when we got out the sex manuals and everything.
What is it you want to know?"  Dan was now really puzzled.  He
had thought that he and his wife were pretty thorough in their
duties as parents, when it came to the sex-education of their
children.
     Suzy decided she had better spell it out.  Her father didn't
seem to be getting the message.
     "Daddy, I know all that stuff."  The pre-pubescent little
girl sounded exasperated, but continued. "What I really want is:
Number one, I want you to teach me how to make love.  I want you
to be the one to take my virginity.  I've always wanted you to be
first.  Second, I want to learn how it feels to have a baby . . .
your baby.  So, I want you to make one in me.  Put your . . .
your penis up in my vagina, and squirt the stuff that makes
babies right into my womb.  Is that sufficiently clear?"
     "Oh my God!"  Dan was aghast.  "Suzy NO!"
     "But Daddy!  You promised!"  The 10 year old girl pouted.
     Dan Fisher sighed.  How had he gotten himself into this
mess?  "Suzy, I can't."  He said.  "You're much too young, and we
could get into a lot of trouble if I did that.  Besides, what
about your mother?"
     "Mommy won't care."
     "Yes she will.  She'd probably divorce me if she even
thought I wanted to do this."
     The little girl's response was entirely unexpected:  "MOM-
MMMMEEE!!"  She yelled.
     "What?" Came the muffled response from the other room.  The
words got clearer as the 35 year old woman appeared in the hall-
way.  Mary was wearing a short black negligee, and not much else.
Unselfconscious in her nudity, Mary repeated.  "What's the matter
Suzy?"
     "Daddy won't keep his promise."

     This was a shock.  If there was one thing that Dan had
always done, it was keep promises.  No matter what the cost.  He
always paid his debts, and only a national disaster would keep
him from doing what he said he would.  "What's the matter dear?"
She asked.  "Can't we afford it?"  She knew that Dan had promised
the precocious child "anything she wanted" if she had gotten all
'A's on her report card for a whole year.  They both knew that
whatever the little girl wanted, it must have been important to
her because she had been studying with a fervor that seemed to
stretch her constitution.  After working so hard to get her
reward, it seemed almost unbelievable that her husband would
refuse the child anything.
     "No, it's not that." The man replied.
     "Then what is it?" Asked Mary, as she settled herself on the
bed, next to her handsome husband, and their precocious child.
     "She wants me to teach her about sex!" The man exploded.
"How to make babies and everything."
     "So, what's the matter with that?  Besides, I thought she
already knew where babies came from."
     "You don't understand.  She want's me to physically SHOW
her.  Put my penis in her vagina, squirt sperm in her womb, and
actually TRY to get her pregnant!" The man was almost sobbing.
     "Well then, do it." The woman calmly replied.
     "Huh?"
     "I said do it."
     "But.  But." Dan was so astonished he couldn't get out
another word.
     "Dear, if she wants to, she's going to.  If not with you,
then with someone else.  Besides, I think it's kind'a cute, want-
ing you to do it to her.  And you did promise."
     "But if anybody found out . . ."
     "Nobody's going to find out.  Who's going to tell?  You?  I
don't think so.  I'm sure not going to tell anybody.  Suzy?"
     It took the little girl a second to realize that she was
being addressed.  "Oh no.  I'd never tell anybody."  She
breathed.
     "No even your best friend?  Not even Cindy?"
     "No."  The child was sure.
     "What about Jeremy, or June?"  Mary was referring to their
older two children.
     "Not if you don't want me to." The girl whispered.
     "But what if she gets pregnant?" The man made a last-ditch
try for sanity.
     "You can always use a rubber." The woman pointed out.
     At this the little girl got upset.  "NO!"  She said.  "I
want to feel the real thing!"  She said.  "Besides, you
promised!"
     "Well, you could always pull out.  And besides, I think
she's to young to get pregnant anyway."
     With this reminder of the youth of his child he looked at
her again.  Slim.  Just barely budding breasts..  He looked down
at the nightie she had worn when she came to him, and had since
taken off.  Thin white panties.  Hairless little slit underneath,
now slightly puffed with excitement.  He made one last try.

     "I thought you'd get mad at me if I even suggested such a
thing."
     Mary smiled.  It was a loving smile.  "Oh honey, I love you.
I love her.  You love her.  She loves you.      Why should I get mad
at that.  Besides, there's something about me you don't know.
I've never told you before, but my father was my first man, so I
don't see what's so wrong with you and Suzy."
     Dan stared at his lovely wife.  Short and sensuous, Mary was
brunette, with a body that stopped traffic.  Right now, with one
gorgeous tit hanging free of the negligee, which didn't cover
much anyway, she looked like a wet-dream come true. He had never
really understood how he had been so lucky as to get a woman like
her.  Now he realized he never really knew her at all.
     "Your father?"  He blurted.
     "Yep.  We started when I was 11.  He got me pregnant for the
first time when I was 12"  Mary stated matter-of-factly.
     "The first time?" Dan choked.
     "Yeah, well I lost it."  Mary said as a sad look passed over
her face.       "So we kept trying till I had April."
     "April.  But I thought . . ." Dan's voice trailed off.
     "Yeh, I know, you thought she was my younger sister.  And
she was.  But she was also my daughter.  Mom and dad raised her
along with the rest of the brood."
     "But what about your mother?" Dan asked desperately, trying
to figure things out.
     "Mom?"  She replied.  "Who do you think took me into see
Daddy when she caught me playing with myself?  Mom started it.
Mom always felt that a man could never share the maximum possible
love with his daughter, until he had ejaculated his sperm into
his own little girl's belly, while the child was trying to get
pregnant.       Now I don't quite buy that, but carrying your own
father's baby inside your womb, does create a bond between girl
and her father that just isn't possible any other way, so I can
sympathize with Suzy's request."
     Suzy had been following the conversation with interest.
Wow!  She was finding things out about her parents that she never
imagined.       Her mother especially.
     "What about me?"  She asked.  "Can Daddy fuck me?"
     Dan looked over at his wife's amused face.  His face turned
red.  He started to say something, then stopped.  Finally he
relaxed.  "OK honey, if that's what you really want for your
reward, I guess that's what you'll get.  Since your mother does-
n't seem to object."
     "Oh goody Daddy, can we do it right now?"
     "Right now?"
     "Yes right now!  I'm so excited I could just melt.  Please
Daddy?"  This was said in a little-girl voice that caused him to
shiver.  He never could refuse the child something when she
talked like that.
     "OK honey, If you're sure."
     "Daddy, I've been sure for the last year.  Why do you think
I worked so hard."
                "He pulled down the little girl's panties"  Page 15

     "I'll be in the other room." Mary said.  "I'll leave you two
lovebirds to be alone."
     "Don't go Mommy." Said Suzy.  "I love you too.  You can
watch us.       Please?  Then I can watch you and Dad afterwards."
     Mary felt as if she had been dipped in boiling water, her
skin got so hot.  Her daughter wanted her to watch.  And wanted
to watch her!   The talk had already gotten her so hot she had
been about to go finger herself off.  This revelation by her
daughter was the last straw for the hot-blooded woman.  For the
first time in her life, she climaxed without a finger on her or
in her.
     "Woooogh!"  She gasped as she slipped to the floor, clutch-
ing at her pubic area with one hand, while the other grabbed her
breast.  "UunnnGH"  Spasms wracked her body for several seconds.
     "Mommy.  MOMMY!  What's wrong?" The worried face of Suzy
appeared in her vision.  "Are you OK?"
     "Whew.  I'm fine honey.  In fact, I'm feeling just great.
You just made me feel so good, I love you darling."
     "I love you too Mommy." Suzy was slightly confused, but if
her mother was all right, then she wanted to get back to her
business with her father.
     "C'mon Daddy, do it to me.  Teach me how to make a baby."
     Dan had to chuckle.  She certainly knew what she wanted.
     "Well Suzy, you know some of this.  For example, you know
that this is your vagina."  He pulled down the little girl's
panties, and for the first time, he reached out and touched his
little girl's slit.
     "Oh yes Daddy.  Is that where you put your penis in me?"
     "When you're ready dear.  Let me feel"
     Dan rubbed his finger in the child's slit.  Slowly he worked
the tip of his finger into the girl's hole.  She was definitely
wet and ready.
     "Oh Daddy, That feel's so good."
     "Shhh"  He hushed her, as he worked his finger in deeper.
He could feel the child's vagina sucking at his finger as it
vanished up to the second knuckle.  "Daddy'll make you feel even
better."  He started to push his finger in and out as Suzy start-
ed to push her hips up off the bed.  "See, A man's penis goes in
here, just like this, and then . . ."  He was interrupted by a
loud "Ow!" as his finger struck an obstruction in her vagina.
     "Ow, Daddy, what's that?  It hurt."
     "That's your hymen.  Your virginity.  Or as some people say
"Your cherry"" he replied.  "When a man's penis tears it, and
goes all the way up into your vagina, then you are no longer
considered a virgin.  It's a little strip of skin that separates
the front of the vagina from the back, and prevents a man from
fully entering you without breaking it."
     "But doesn't that hurt?"  She looked worried.
     "A little, but most women seem to think it's worth it for
the additional sensation it brings when a man puts his penis all
the way up inside her." Dan soothed the child.  "We don't have to
do that if you don't want to."
     "I want to Dad, It's just that I'm scared."
     "We'll see."  He replied as he continued working his finger
in and out.  In the mean time, his other hand was fondling her
budding breast.  "Do you like this, what we're doing now?"
     "O yes Daddy it's feeling better and better.  Do you like my
body?"
     He looked down at her little frame. Flat little belly, bud-
ding breasts, slippery little mound that had swallowed up half
his finger, and angelic little face, looking up at him anxiously.
"Yes dear, I love your little body.  It's beautiful."
     Her father liked her body.  He thought she was beautiful.
That thought made Suzy shiver all over.  In a minute, he was
going to put his penis into her body, and teach her how to make a
baby.  "Daddy, I love you."
     "I love you too."
     "Daddy, Aren't you going to get undressed?"
     That was too much for Dan.  He looked down at the nearly
naked body of his child, so sweet and virginal, yet so ready.
Then he looked down at himself.  Fully dressed, yet with a hard-
on that bulged at his groin that threatened to split his pants.
The contrast was too much.  He started to howl with laughter.
Mary, who had been watching the seduction (Of whom, she wasn't
sure.) with interest, started to giggle.
     "Well, you're certainly not going to get the kid pregnant
with your clothes on, are you?"  She snickered.
     Dan reached for his belt, started to loosen it, then
stopped, as an idea occurred to him.  "You do it."  He said.
     "Huh?" Suzy gaped at him.
     "You do it.  It's your lesson.  If you want to see me naked,
you undress me."
     "Wow, can I Daddy?"  Without waiting for a reply, the little
girl began yanking at her fathers pants.
     "It helps if you unbuckle the belt first." Mary's calm
advice from across the room slowed Suzy's mad yanking.
     Blushing, Suzy stopped pulling at his pants, and reached for
his belt.
     "Take my shoes off first." Dan suggested.
     Suzy was getting quite a lesson in undressing a man as she
first pulled off his shoes and socks, then his pants, and reached
for his shorts, which were bulging ominously.
     "Uh Uh."   He said.  "Shirt first.  Otherwise, you might
never get it off."
     Suzy's fingers tingled where she had touched his bare skin.
Barely able to contain her excitement, she reached for her
father's sweater and T-shirt, and pulled them off, over his head.
Now Dan was almost naked.  The little girl shivered with excite-
ment, as she reached for the final article of clothing.
     As her father's underpants dropped to his knees, Suzy got
her first glimpse of the huge penis that had been responsible for
her birth.  She gasped, as she saw the thing she had been working
so hard to get access to.  It was over nine inches long, and
almost an inch and a half thick.  To Suzy, as she looked at the
swollen prick pointing obscenely at her flat little belly, with
pre-cum leaking out of the end, it seemed as big as her arm.

     "Oh Daddy, It's so big.  Is all that supposed to go up
inside me?"  She seemed a little scared.
     "Only as much as you want."  He replied.
     "O Daddy, I want it all!  I just don't see how it'll fit."
She exclaimed.
     "We'll just see how it goes.  OK?"  He reassured his trem-
bling child.
     "OK Daddy, Can I touch it?"  She asked as she reached for
the 9 inch prick pointed at her flat stomach.
     Her soft little fingers were too much for the over-excited
man as she wrapped the cool soft digits around his steel-hard
shaft.
     "Oh Shit!"  He exclaimed as he began spouting sperm all over
his little baby girl.  It squirted onto her budding little
breasts, splattered down her flat little tummy, and dribbled into
the slit between her legs.
     "Oh, Wow Daddy.  Does that feel good?" Suzy cooed, as she
milked his erupting cock with her now sperm-slick hand.  "C'mon
Daddy, shoot it all.  Don't hold back."
     Dan couldn't believe his little girl could be so sexy.
     "Wow Daddy, is this the stuff that makes babies?"  She
asked.
     "When it goes up in a woman's vagina."  He replied.
     "You mean like this?"  She asked innocently as she leaned
back on the bed with her legs apart, grabbed his still oozing
penis with her slippery little hand, and forced the bulging head
into the open slit of her sperm-covered crack.
     Dan couldn't help himself. His cock-head was squeezed by a
tight ring that pulsed around it.  His prick spasmed again, and
shot a torrent of sperm into the surprised child.
     "Mmmmmm, Daddy.  That feels neat.  Shoot that stuff in me.
C'mon Daddy, Make a baby in little Suzy." The tiny girl babbled
obscenely, as her father's warm seed filled her vagina.  She
tried to push his spewing cock further up in her tightly
stretched little hole, but it wouldn't go.
     Dan's cock started to deflate a little as guilt overtook
him.  Here he was with his cock almost buried in his youngest
child's vagina, and he had already ejaculated his hazardous sperm
right into the little girl's belly.  But his daughter wasn't fin-
ished with him yet.
     "Daddy, that's not fair.  You said you'd show me it all.
You didn't put it up inside me like you promised."  Suzy com-
plained as she fisted her father's slightly shrunken cock.
     The feeling of his little girl's slippery hand (slippery
with his semen!) massaging his cock, while the child begged him
to stick his penis in her tiny unused hole, got the better of the
man.  His cock once more rose to attention.

     "Daddy, It's getting hard again."
     "Uh Huh" he replied.  Further words were hard to put togeth-
er.
     "Are you going to fuck me now?" The little girl's question
decided him.
     "Yeah honey, we're going to try.  Here.  Rub cum all over my
prick, and get it real slippery."
     Suzy grabbed a gob of cum leaking from the tip of his en-
gorged cock, and smeared it all over.  The sensations were almost
enough to make Dan cum again, but he managed to stop in time.
"Now rub some all over your vagina."  He instructed.  "We want to
make it easy for me to get into you."
     Watching Suzy spread her father's sperm all over the pouting
lips of her vagina and then pushing some up inside was too much
for Mary who had been quietly fingering herself in the corner.
She climaxed violently again.  "Mmmmmmph"  She said trying not to
distract her husband and daughter who were just about to consum-
mate their union.
     At that moment however, an earthquake would have had a hard
time distracting the two on the bed, as Dan slowly approached his
daughter, and pushed the head of his cock at her tiny little
hole.
     "Daddy!  It's too big!  It won't go in." Sobbed the little
girl as they both strained together.  Dan felt the ring of muscle
at the entrance to her vagina surround the head of his cock, but
it seemed no matter how hard they pushed, her muscles wouldn't
expand enough to let him in.
     "I guess we'll have to quit." Dan said reluctantly.  "I
don't want to hurt you."
     "No Daddy, I've just got to have it.  Push harder.  Please!"
     They both pushed, but nothing seemed to happen.  Suzy was
almost getting hysterical.  "Please Daddy!!!"
     "Wait a minute." Dan said "I've got an idea.".
     He withdrew his penis, and then wrapped his fist around the
head, and started to squeeze.
     "What are you doing Daddy?"
     "Squeezing the blood out of the head of my penis, so it'll
be smaller, and might go in then."  He explained as he maintained
the pressure for a minute.
     He the released his grip, grabbed a dollop of cum from his
daughters belly, smeared it over the head, and pushed the now
reduced head of his cock into her small hole with almost one
motion.

     The woman watched as her husbands prick slowly stretched the
child's opening.
     "Uhhnnn!" Said both of people on the bed.
     It seemed that the giant prick couldn't possibly get into
the tiny hole, but it slowly stretched, and the head bulged
dangerously as the knob slipped inside with a slight pop.
     "Oh Daddy, It's going in!" The little girl said as she
squirmed excitedly on the bed.
     "Careful Honey, or you'll make me cum." The man cautioned as
he felt his daughter's tight little slit clamp down on his en-
gorged cock.  "I don't want to get you pregnant."
     "I don't mind, I want your baby in me" came the whispered
response.
     This was almost too much for the man.      With the head of his
cock sticking just inside of the lips of his own child's vagina,
she was telling him "She didn't mind" if he got her pregnant.  He
looked over at his watching wife.
     Mary was too caught up in the sensuality of the moment.  Her
own pussy felt like it was going to boil.  If she didn't see him
coming in the little girl, she thought she would explode.  She
caught his eye, and nodded.  If their daughter wanted to get
pregnant by her own father, who was she to object?
     "You're a little young yet, Honey" Dan said as he felt a
second inch of his engorged penis disappear into his tiny little
daughter's obscenely stretched little slit.  "I don't think
you're body is ready to have a baby yet.  After all, you're only
10 years old."
     "I had a period last week." Suzy whimpered as third inch of
her father's cock forced it's way up into her virginal young
belly.
     This was too much for Dan.  The thoughts, his little girl
was possibly fertile, and actually wanted to have his baby, were
too exciting. "UHhhhhnn!  Oh Shit!" The man exclaimed as his
prick exploded in the child's tightly stretched little belly.
     Suzy felt her father's cock expand in her belly and then
suddenly felt slick, as his warm slippery sperm squirted against
her unbroken hymen.  "Oh Daddy what are. . . ?"  She stopped as
she realized that her father was climaxing inside her belly.
"Oh, that's it.  Cum in me!"  She exclaimed as the soothing warm
liquid filled her obscenely stretched little tunnel.  "Cum in my
pussy Daddy.  Shoot the stuff that makes babies up inside me.
Make me have a baby.  Don't stop.  Please Daddy!"
     Dan couldn't have pulled his erupting penis out of his
climaxing little girl if he had wanted to.      His cock was now
tightly gripped by the ring of his daughter's vaginal muscles, as
she spasmed with him.  Squirt after squirt of thick slippery
sperm went right into the welcoming belly of the 10-year-old
child.  The thought of shooting his seed inside his own baby
girl, kept arousing Dan and made him ejaculate his semen into his
tiny young daughter again and again.  God, she was still a vir-
gin, and not even eleven years old yet!
     Dan felt almost overcome with love for his little girl.  He
had never realized how he loved his little daughter, until he
felt his sperm flow into the child's belly, while the little girl
implored him to get her pregnant.

     After a bit, the sensations slowed, and Dan looked down to
where his prick had vanished a third of the way up inside his
little girl's body.  A tiny bubble of white on one side, showed
where some of his sperm was leaking out.  Suzy looked flushed
with excitement, quite happy, and proud of herself.  She had
actually managed to get her handsome father to cum inside her.
She had welcomed her father's enormous penis into her tiny belly,
and milked his cock with her tight little tunnel, until it
squirted warm sticky seed into the tiny vagina it had created 11
years ago, in her mother's womb.
     Suzy loved the warm slippery feeling of her fathers's thick
sticky sperm soothing the inside her tightly stretched tunnel.
"Oh Daddy, that was so good.  Feeling you cumming inside me was
so wonderful, Daddy.  I love you so much."      The knowledge, that
her own father's seed was soaking into her womb, made Suzy love
her father even more than before.
     Dan had to agree.  "I love you too Honey."  Nobody had ever
made him cum so much, not even his oversexed horny wife.  Think-
ing of which, the man glanced over to where he had last seen his
wife watching him couple with his daughter.  Seeing Dan mate with
his own daughter, had pushed Mary over the edge.  The woman was
in the throes of a mighty orgasm as she fingered herself to a
climax.  Watching her husband trying to breed her little girl was
too much.       She collapsed in a heap, as she saw in her mind's eye
her husband's prick squirting his seed in the child's womb.  When
she had seen Dan tense up, and a white glob appeared, squeezed
out of the child's opening, she knew that her husband was ejacu-
lating his potent sperm deep inside their little girl's body.
She had fallen to the floor as her own orgasm overtook her,
imagining it was her father shooting sperm into her own womb.
"Oh!  Cum in me Daddy!"  The woman moaned as she shook in the
throes of her orgasm.  "Cum, Cum, . . ." Her mutterings grew
unintelligible.
     Finally, she recovered enough to watch as her husband with-
drew his cock from the overstretched slit of their precocious
offspring.  It came out white and shining with the copious spend-
ing of the girl and her father.  After he had removed his en-
gorged member from the child (with a slight "pop" as it exited),
a glob of white appeared in the slightly stretched opening.  Suzy
reached down, and gathered up the blob with the tip of her fin-
ger, and brought it up to her face to look at.
     "So, that's the stuff that makes babies."  She said as she
looked at her father's cum, with an innocent look on her angelic
little face.  "Am I pregnant now?"  She asked hopefully.
     "Probably not."  He replied.  "You don't generally get
pregnant the first time, though it's possible.  You are probably
way too young anyway."
     "Next time, I want you to put your cock all the way inside
me."  She said.
     "It'll hurt, when I go through your hymen."
     "I don't care.  I want to love you like Mama does.  I want
to fuck you, and have your babies, and everything.  I wish I
could marry you."

     "You don't have to fuck me to prove you love me Honey.  You
know my little Suzy is the most important thing in the world to
me."
     "After Mommy."
     "After your mother, of course.  If it wasn't for your moth-
er, I wouldn't have you."
     "That's OK, I love Mama too."  The girl looked again at her
father's cum dangling from her fingertip.  Then she reached down
between her legs, and shoved the cum-drenched finger up her
little slit.  "Daddy, are you going to fuck me again?"
     She waited while he hesitated, then put on her sad little
girl look.  "Please?"
     When he didn't reply she said "After all, you were going to
teach me all about making babies, and I'm still a virgin."
     "Probably not pregnant either."  She added as an after-
thought.  "And I won't know everything about making babies till
we make one.  Promise you'll make a baby in me Daddy?"
     At that moment, it didn't seem to much to ask.
     "Sure honey, If that's what you really want.  But, it may
take a while."
     "That's all right Daddy, that's what will be so much fun.
Having you fuck me all the time, until I get pregnant."  She
paused in thought.  "Daddy, will you still fuck me after I get
pregnant? . . . . Please?"
     "OK, sure, whatever.  But remember, I still have to take
care of your mother."
     "I know Daddy.  Can I watch too?"
     "I suppose, you know all about it already."

The End of chapter 2, continuing in chapter 3...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:43:36 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!netnews.worldnet.att.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 3
Message-ID: <6147cc$c1ae.399@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:26:14 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 561

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy


                                       CHAPTER 3

                              June takes a chance on love

        After that, the threesome stopped to have lunch.  The  lunch
was filled with talk about sex, and babies, and what would happen
if      Suzy turned up pregnant.  Suzy felt really grown up now,  and
would  have  loved to continue the conversation,  but  her  older
brother  and  sister breezed into the room, and after  a  warning
glance from her mother remembered that the older duo weren't sup-
posed to know about her "lessons".  "Damn"  She thought.  She had
been sure that her father would take her back to bed, and  finish
what  he had started.  She could feel the oozing of his  seed  in
her vagina soothing the slight sting where his finger had  pushed
earlier.  "If it wasn't for those two rats, Daddy would  probably
have pushed his big cock all the way through, and then I wouldn't
still be a virgin!" The girl sulked.
        It was hard to remain mad at her two older siblings  though.
They were both bubbly infectious personalities that made you want
to      laugh and be around.  Jeremy was a tall handsome 14 year  old
that  looked like a younger version of his father.   June  looked
like  a miniature version of her mother, with the same dark  hair
and  eyes,  and a sensuous swing to her hips that made  her  seem
much  older than her 12 short years.  Suzy on the other hand  had
her father's hair and eyes, but her mother's strikingly beautiful
face.
  Jeremy at the moment, (when Suzy's attention came back)  was
engaged in telling a story complete with waving arms and  sugges-
tive       movements about what had happened down at practice  between
one of the cheerleaders, and two of the boys in the locker-room.
  "She didn't.  Really?" Said June "With both of them?"
  Suzy was now sorry she hadn't been listening earlier.
  "Yep."  Said Jeremy "And not only that, but her panties were
 gone."
          Suzy couldn't resist: "Are you sure?"  She breathed.
          "Un   Huh.  I was there, and I actually saw her  bare  cunt."
     Jeremy was trying to shock his little sister.
          "What did it look like?"  She replied not to be outdone.
          "You  know, kinda puffy with a little crack in  the  middle,
     and a little black hair just above the hole."  He continued.   "I
     wouldn't mind getting some of that."
          "Oh   you  boys!" June said, taking a playful  swing  at  her
     brother,   which  he  ducked.  "You'd probably  fuck  anything  in
     skirts, if you had a chance."
          Jeremy  didn't deny it.  Just talking about sex with 2  sexy
     girls  was giving him a hard-on.  Even if the girls were his  own
     sisters.   Sisters  were supposed to be a pain,  but  Jeremy  had
     always  gotten along well with his.  He pretended to dislike  his
     sisters when other boys were around, but in reality he got a kick
     out of spending time with his sisters, and learning what they did
     with the other girls.
          "You'd probably fuck me or June if you could." Suzy couldn't
     believe her daring.
          "Probably."  Jeremy dared her right back.
          "I've got to go.  Now."  June said her breath coming quickly
     as  she rushed from the room.  "Gawd!"  She mumbled  to  herself.
     Her  brother wanted to . . . She couldn't bring herself  to  com-
     plete  the thought.  Her brother wanted to fuck her!  There,  she
     did  it.   Now  she wondered what she was going to  do  with  the
     knowledge.   She  knew she would never be able to resist,  if  he
     came       right out and asked her.  But he wouldn't.  She knew  that.
     Her  brother was too much the nice guy to force himself  on  her.
     For  a moment she felt relieved.  Then, after a bit she  realized
     that       would mean that she was going to remain horny for the  next
     several years.  At 12, June was always horny.
          She had started having periods about a year and a half  ago,
     and  since  then,  she had seemed to be in  a  perpetual  aroused
     state.   Sometimes,  she sneaked down to her  parents  room,  and
     listened   outside the door in the morning, while they made  love.
     She knew now that her father always woke up in the morning with a
     hard-on, and he and her mother would fuck while they thought  the
     children slept.  Afterwards, she would sneak back to her room  so
     as not to disturb Suzy who slept in the room between, and  finger
     herself  to an orgasm while imagining that it was her,  that  her
     father  was fucking, instead of her mother.  She would have  been
     shocked, had she known that her little sister had already  fucked
     their  father, right now had his seed in her womb, and was  plan-
     ning to go even further.

        All  of a sudden, a thought occurred to her.  She could  get
Jeremy  to  fuck her!  It seemed like a  perfect  solution.   She
loved her brother.  She knew he wouldn't hurt her for the  world.
He      would  never tell.  And best of all, he reminded her  of  her
handsome father.
        June's plans started to fall into place.  He wouldn't seduce
her,  and she couldn't seduce him, but what if they seduced  each
other?   She had a pretty good idea of how to start  after  their
conversation earlier.
        "Jeremy!"   She called "Could you come  here?"  Interrupting
the  conversation  that  she could still hear going  on,  by  the
occasional shrill giggle of her little sister.
        "Just a minute!"  He yelled back. Trying to finish the story
he was telling.
        A couple of minutes later, June heard a loud guffaw from her
sister, as the two siblings broke into laughter.
        "Not Really!"  Screamed Suzy.
        "Really."   Assured her brother, as the two  children  broke
up.
        Jeremy came to his sister's room still wiping his eyes  with
laughter, so at first he didn't see what his sister was doing.
        "So  what  did  you waaa . . ." his voice died  away  as  he
looked  down at his almost naked little sister.  The little  girl
was  lying  on her bed with her panties off, and her  bra  laying
beside  the bed.  Her flimsy, open-knit, see-through blouse,  was
pulled up above her developing little tits.  Except for that, she
wasn't  wearing  a thing..  That is unless you  counted  the  hand
stuffed  between her legs madly moving in and out as  she  played
with herself.
        "Dammit, I was almost there!"  She said as she realized  her
brother was there.  Then a wave of fear passed through her.  What
if      he didn't want her?  What if, worse yet, he told?  "Shut  the
door, dammit."  She exclaimed. "Do you want everybody else to see
me?"
        "Wow  June,  I didn't realize . . ." his voice  trailed  off
again.
        "Yeah,  well I get horny too.  Don't you ever jack  yourself
off?"
        "About a hundred times a day."
        "Me too.  And I just thought of something we could do  about
it."
        "We?  You and me?"  He squeaked, as it began to dawn on  him
what his little sister was talking about.
        "We.  You and me." Her voice was emphatic.
        "But what if we . . ." he couldn't say it.
        "Got  caught?   We won't.  We don't dare."   She  responded.
        "But  do you want to go on like this for the next 10  years?   Or
didn't you mean what you said earlier?"

          It  took Jeremy a minute to remember the  conversation  from
     earlier.   "Let me get this straight."  He said. "You  mean  that
     you wouldn't mind if I fff, ffff. fffu."  He couldn't get it out.
          "Fucked  me?"   She startled him by her  brazenness.   "No."


    Then almost shyly "That is if you want to."
          If  he wanted to!  His mind almost screamed.  He  had  never
     wanted anything so much in his life.
          "We'll have to be careful" he temporized.
          "We   will.  Now come here big brother, and show me how  much
     you want me."
          Jeremy reached for his sister as she reached for him.  There
     was  a sudden commotion, and they both ended up in  a  breathless
     heap on the bed.  Jeremy had his arms around a nearly naked  girl
     who was kissing him madly.  The fact that the girl was his little
     sister, made it even more exciting.
          "Wait."  He said.  "Let me get these things off."
          He started to peel out of his shorts.
          "Oooh!"  Said  June as his aroused cock  spring  into  view.
     "Your  cock looks nice."  It was a nice 6 inch piece  of  swollen
     tissue sticking out at her.  "I think it likes me."
          "You'd better believe it little sister.  It likes you a lot.
     It wants to crawl up inside your little pussy-hole and squirt you
     full of cream."
          Suzy was getting turned on by her brother's lewd words,  but
     she didn't loose complete track of reality.  "You'd better  not."
     A flash of fear went through her.  "I might get pregnant."
          Jeremy stopped, with his shirt still on, and came back  down
     suddenly.   "I suppose so, but if I don't, then what can we  do?"
     All  of a sudden, the easy answers to his horny problem  had  va-
     nished.
          June was in a quandary also.  "I don't know.  I'm not on the
     pill.   Do you have anything?"  Her frustration was almost  over-
     whelming.
          Jeremy  thought.  "Well, I could get some rubbers.  I  don't
     like them, but it's better than knocking you up."
          June brightened.  "Do you have one now?"
          "No.  I can get some from Mom or Dad tomorrow, but not right
     now.   They'd  probably catch on to whom I'm going  to  use  them
     with."
          June  was  almost in tears from frustration  and  horniness.
     "Well what can we do?"
          Jeremy  thought it over.  "Well, as I see it, we  have  four
     choices.   First, we can do nothing."      He paused to look  at  his
     naked sister.
          June shook her head.  No.

        "Second,  we could just play with each other.  Not  actually fuck."
        That didn't sound too good to June either.  She was tired of
"just  playing"  She'd been doing that for too long already,  and
she  told  her brother so.  "What are the  other  choices?"   She
asked.
        "Well, I could pull out before I cum."
        "Really?  Could you?"
        "I  think  so.  It wouldn't be as satisfying,  but  I  could
probably do it."
        "What's  the last choice?" Even as she spoke, June felt  she
knew the answer.
        "We  could  always  take a chance.   Most  girls  don't  get
knocked-up on the first try.  When was your period?"
        "Huh?" June couldn't figure the change of subject. What  did
school have to do with sex?
        "When  was your last period?  You know,  monthlies."  Jeremy
explained.
"Oh!  I don't know, a week or so ago I guess.  Why?"
        "Because, if it was close to your period, you wouldn't be so
likely to get knocked-up." Jeremy said
        "Oh."  said  June.  "I guess that's out then.  But  I  can't
wait.  I've got to do something NOW!"
        Jeremy felt the same way.  If he didn't get his prick inside
his cute little sister pretty soon, he felt he'd die of  frustration.  "Well I
guess I'll just have to try to pull out in  time."  He said.
        "No."  She replied.
        "Huh?"  He didn't understand.
        "Not  the first time.  I want the first time to be  perfect.
For you and for me."
        "You mean?"  He asked.
        "Uh  Huh."  She replied. "I want you to fuck me,  and  shoot
your cum in me and everything.  I'll carry your sperm in my belly
tonight, and then we'll worry about my getting pregnant.   Tomor-
row, you can get some rubbers or pull out or something, but right
now I want the real thing.  We'll just have to take a chance."
        Suddenly he hugged her.  "I love you sis."  He exclaimed.
        "I love you too.  Now get on top of me, and fuck me full  of
cream."
        "Shouldn't  I work you up a little, get you excited  first?"
He asked.
        "If  I  get any more excited, I'm going  to  explode!"   She
said.  "Do  it  NOW!" Madly she spread her legs  and  pulled  her
brother to her.  "Get your cock in me before I die!"

          "Geeze.  Wait a second sis.  I . . " his voice cut off as he
     felt the tip of his prick surrounded by the tight ring of muscles
     at  the entrance to his little sister's vagina.  He couldn't  be-
     lieve  it, he was actually fucking his horny little sister.   His
     cock bulged as he pushed another inch up into the child's  belly.
     "Ok  sis, you got it.  Boy do you have it!"  He exclaimed  as  he
     watched half of his prick vanish into the little girl's slit.
          "Oh! Wait! Auggh!"  June exclaimed, as his cock went through
     her hymen and slid all the way home until the tip was resting  at
     the entrance to her uterus.  "That hurt."
          "Sorry  sis, but I had to bust your cherry.  Do you want  me
     to  stop?"   He didn't know how, but if she asked him,  some  how
     he'd find the will-power to pull out.
          "Don't be silly.  Just go easy when you fuck me OK?"
          He  pulled out an inch, then fucked his cock back  into  the
     child's vagina.  "How's that?"  He asked.
          "Ow.  Hurts a little.  But keep doing it.  It's starting  to
     feel better."
          The   12-year-old girl couldn't believe it.  Ten minutes  ago
     she  had been a super horny little virgin.  Now she was a  woman.
     She  had her big brother's cock stuck up inside her  vagina,  and
     pretty soon he would be squirting his white stuff in her womb.
          "Are you going to cum in me?"  She asked in her  little-girl
     voice  "Are you going to stick that big nasty old cock up  in  my
     belly, and squirt me full of baby-juice?"  All the while  rocking
     her hips in time with his as she felt him sliding in and out.
          "Oh June don't." Her obscene words were getting to him.  "If
     you keep talking like that I'm gonna . . ."  He trailed off.
          "Cum?"   She finished for him. "Is big brother gonna  squirt
     his nasty baby-juice clear up in little sister's womb?  Does  big
     brother  want to get his little baby sister pregnant?  C'mon  big
     brother, knock your sister up.  I don't mind.  I want to feel you
     make a baby in me."
        Her obscene talk was too much for the 14 year old boy.   It
     was bad enough to have his cock sliding in and out of his  little
     sister's   tiny slit, but this talk was just too much.  His  prick
     grew impossibly stiff.  The head dilated, and he started to  spew
     his semen inside the 12-year-old girl's writhing belly.
          "Mmmmmm" June purred as she felt her brother's penis bucking
     in her tummy.  All of a sudden, their motion got slicker, and she
     knew Jeremy was squirting the thick sticky white stuff that  made
     babies,  up inside her flat little belly.  "Cum in me!  Knock  me
     up  Jemmy!"  June used her old little-girl name for her  brother,
     as her own orgasm engulfed her.
          Jeremy  felt the child's vagina clamp down on  his  erupting
     prick,  and he knew that his sister had made it too.   He  shoved
     one  last  time up into the little girl and felt the tip  of  his
     cock enter her uterus.  Spasm after spasm shook him as he squirt-
     ed the last of his sperm into his young sister's developing womb.

        "Oooh  that's so good." Sighed June, as she felt her  broth-
er's seed draining into her 12-year-old womb.  She loved the warm
slick  feeling of his sperm inside her.  Then she felt  him  pull
back slightly and the head of his cock uncoupled from her uterus.
        "I love you Jeremy."  She said as his cock slowly shrank in  her
vagina.
        "I  love  you too sis, But this is  dangerous.   Hadn't  you
better  go douche or something?"  The older boy's tone  was  worried.
        "No  silly. That just washes it up into your  womb.   Didn't
you read the sex manuals Daddy gave us?"
        "Not  that part.  What do you do then, to keep from  getting
pregnant?"
        At This point, the older boy pulled his cock from his little
sister's vagina.  The sensation of the little girl's cunt milking
him as he withdrew was incredible.  His cock made one last  thick
white  squirt  of sperm lick up the girl's belly, in  an  obscene
white puddle.  As she lay there with her legs spread, a bubble of
white slowly started to ooze up out of her newly stretched hole.
          "Well,  If I didn't want to become pregnant, the best  thing
     for me would be to go sit on the toilet, and let it drain out, as
     best       it could.  If I did want to have your baby," she  continued
     "I  should  lay here with my ass elevated, and let  it  seep  in.
     Like       this."  The little girl demonstrated by grabbing  a  pillow
     and lifting her slim buttocks off the bed while sliding it under-
     neath.  "There!"
          Jeremy couldn't believe it.  "Hadn't you better hurry then?"
     He exclaimed nodding towards the bathroom.
          "Silly!   I told you that I wanted this time to be  perfect.
     For you.   If you think I'm going to flush your precious seed down
     the toilet tonight after what you just did for me, well you  just
     don't know."  She smiled at him a loving smile that almost  broke
     his  heart.  "Today, you make love to me as a real woman.   If  I
     get  knocked-up, well we'll see.  Tomorrow and after, we'll  have
     to  take   precautions."   She paused.  "Are you ready  to  do  it
     again?"
          "Now?!"
          "Now."
          "Well gee sis."  He pointed at his now flaccid tool.
          "Oh don't worry, I know what to do about that.  Cindy taught
     me."
          "Cindy?"
          "You know, Cindy, our cousin, Suzy's best friend."
          "I  know,  I just didn't think Cindy would go  in  for  such
     things."
          "You  didn't think I went in for such things  either."   She
     pointed out.
          "You're right.  So what did Cindy teach you?"
          He  was completely unprepared for his little  sister's  next
     action.
          "This!"  She exclaimed as he suddenly felt his sperm-covered
     cock swallowed up by his little sister's sucking mouth.
          He couldn't believe how good his little sister's mouth felt.
     She  licked,  and swallowed, and sucked until  his  cock  started
     rising again.
          "Like  it?" June asked in a pause to catch her breath.   She
     didn't  wait  for  a reply but went back to sucking  on  his  now
     almost fully erect tool.
          "Wow! I sure do!"  He exclaimed "But isn't there something I
     can do for you also?"
          "You already are."  She replied after pulling her mouth  off
     his swollen cock with an obscene "pop".  "Tomorrow, you can  lick
     me  down   there,  but right now I want to fuck.  I  want  my  big
     brother's cock buried inside my pee-hole, squirting baby-juice in
     my vagina, trying to get me pregnant.      Just this once.  Tomorrow,
     we'll  worry.  For today, I'm going to pretend I'm married to  my
     big handsome brother.  Remember though, this is the only time, so
     we'll have to make the most of it."
        "OK, I guess."  Jeremy replied, as he prepared to mount  his
little sister again.  "This time, let me feel your tits, and your
belly against mine.  Spread your legs, and let me in."
June  spread  her legs, and Jeremy could see  a  trickle  of
white  oozing out of her newly stretched hole.  Knowing that  his
little sister might already be carrying his baby made was a scary
feeling, but he was proud that she would want him as a father for
her  child.   Slowly he pressed his stiff member up  between  the
little girl's slightly spread legs.
        "Ooooooh!" They both moaned as his cock slid easily into the
child's  belly for the second time.  If June could talk  raunchy,
then Jeremy felt he could too:
        "Look  at you.  Cute little baby girl, with your big  brother's
baby-maker stuffed up in your belly.  Wanting to get  pregnant  by
your own brother!  Well big brother's gonna give  you  a big  belly.
I'm gonna squirt your tummy full of  baby-juice  and knock you up
higher than a kite."
        Jeremy moved easily in and out of the little girl now as his
cock,  lubricated  by the sperm he had already  squirted  in  the
youngster,  slid  all the way back to the neck of her  womb.   He
then  pulled  out until only the head was held by tight  ring  of
muscles at the entrance.
        "Oh  Jemmy!   Do it!  Stick your big baby-maker  in  me  and
knock me up.  Make my tummy get big with your baby."
        "Hold on June, You don't want me to cum just yet.  Here, put
your legs together."
        June did as he asked, moving her legs inside his, as he  sat
back  on  her thighs with his big cock obscenely  stretching  the
tiny little slit between the underaged little girl's legs.
        "Now look down, where your brother's cock is about to squirt
baby juice in your womb.  Big brother's gonna make a baby in that
cute little belly."
        June followed his directions, and looked at her flat  little
tummy, now being stretched by the pulsing of her brother's bloat-
ed penis, then further down between her legs, where his  engorged
cock  vanished  into the tiny hole she used to pee out  of.   The
obscene sight was almost too much for the aroused child.
        "Oh  Jeremy, Fuck me, Fuck me, Fuck ME!"  She cried  as  her
immature young cunt started to convulse around her big  brother's
slippery, sliding cock.
        Unable to hold out much longer, Jeremy came down on top  of
the  little girl and started to jam his cock into  his  sibling's
slippery little hole with rapid strokes.  Feeling his 12-year-old
sister's  smooth little belly rubbing against his, her pert  nub-
bins  of  breasts poking his chest like little spikes  while  her
spasming  slit squeezed his cock like a runaway  milking  machine
was too much for the older boy. Jeremy jammed his erupting prick
all  the  way up in his little sister's belly.   This  time,  the
sperm  he had already ejaculated inside the youngster  lubricated
his cock, so that the head of his penis pushed past the  clasping
ring of her cervix and clear into the little girl's womb..
        "OW!"   June said, as the 14-year-old boy's  cock  stretched
her  uterus.   Then she couldn't say anything as the  feeling  of
her own brother's potent seed squirting into her receptive womb,
caused June to climax with an intensity she couldn't believe.
        "Wuh  WuH! Wuh." The tiny girl panted, as the  sensation  of
each ejaculation of her big brother's semen into her belly caused
her  to climax.  June could feel the base of her  brother's  distended
cock expand, then felt the swelling progress up the bloated conduit,
until it concluded with the forceful  injection  of another  dollop of prolific
sperm into her fertile  young  belly.
        Each  copious squirt of her big brother's seed into  the  child's
eagerly accepting womb caused her to climax all over again  until
she almost blacked out.
        Jeremy  was  too  engaged in his own climax  to  notice  his
sibling's predicament.  The feeling of his little sister's cervix
clenching at the head of his penis like a vagina within a  vagina
was  too much.  He kept pushing his engorged member as far as  he
could into the squirming child, while he ejaculated jet after jet
of semen into her tightly stretched little belly.  Each time  the
older  boy  thought  he was finished,  June's  wildly  convulsing
vagina would squeeze his cock again, and his penis would  respond
by sending another surge of sperm into his little  sister's  12-
year-old womb.
        All  good things must end, and Jeremy's mighty  ejaculations
finally  slowed down to spurts, then a trickle, and finally  just
an ooze  leaking  into his younger  sibling's  distended  belly.
June,  without the extra stimulation of her virile older  brother
pumping cum into her womb, slowly came down from her high.
        "Boy that was good!"
        Jeremy couldn't help but agree.
        June  reveled in the risky feeling of having her own  broth-
er's  thick  sticky sperm warming the inside of her  belly.   The
shrinking cock pulled out of the tight clasp of her cervix with a
slight popping feeling.

          "Me   neither."  Jeremy agreed running his hands up and  down
     his  little sister's naked body while he enjoyed the  feeling  of
     her  greasy,  cum-filled vagina massaging his  now  soft  member.
     "Was that good enough, little sister?      I feel as if I shot enough
     baby juice in your belly to impregnate a hundred girls."
          "Mmmmmmm!  I hope so!"  June leaned into the boy's  caresses
     and  squeezed her brother's soft cock with her little  slit.   "I
     don't  know what I'll do when tomorrow comes, and we can't do  it
     for real any more.  The feel of you trying to get me pregnant  is
     too good."
          "We   shouldn't even be doing it this time."  Jeremy  pointed
     out.   "If  that  cute little belly of  yours  starts  to  swell,
     there's going to be trouble."
          June looked down at the flat little belly that her brother's
     big  cock was no longer stretching.  The young girl imagined  her
     smooth  little tummy being swollen by her handsome big  brother's
     baby.   "Mmmmm.  I don't care.  It was worth it."   She  replied.
     "I wouldn't mind having your baby growing inside my belly, making
     it big.  It's just what other people would say."
          "Like Mom and dad."
          A shiver of fear went through the little girl.  "Yeah,  them
     too."
          At  that moment, both children heard the clock in  the  hall
     chime the hour.
          "Oh god, I've got to do my homework before supper!"
          "And I've got to meet Cindy at the library!"
          The   two incestuous lovers pulled apart.  As  Jeremy's  cock
     exited his sister's slit, it was followed by a torrent of pinkish
     fluid.
          "Oh Wow what's that?"
          "Stop it before it get's on the bed!"
          Jeremy  grabbed  madly for something, anything to  stop  the
     flow       of pinkish-tinged semen that was flowing from his  sister's
     ravished   vagina.  "Here, use this!"  He said as he  grabbed  his
     shirt and stuffed it at the little girl's hole.
          "Not your favorite shirt!"  She exclaimed as he swabbed  her
     slightly sore pubic area.
          "It'll  always be my favorite shirt now."  He replied as  he
     dabbed  at  the trickle that still seeped from her  crack.   "How
     come it's not white?  I never knew girl's cum was pink."
          "Silly!   That's  just  my maidenhead,  my  virginity.   You
     popped my cherry remember?"
          Jeremy  blushed crimson at the reminder.  "I'm  sorry."   He
     said.
          "Not too sorry I hope."
          Jeremy's  blush grew even brighter if possible.   "No."   He
     whispered.  "I loved it."
          "Me too."

        With  that, the two children broke up and Jeremy,  gathering
his  clothes, headed for his room, taking one  last  aprecciative
look  at his little sister's lovely developing body.  The  little
girl posed a moment for her older brother, displaying her budding
young  breasts and the childish vagina peeping from  between  her
shapely legs, before she quit with a quiet "Damn!"
        "What's the matter?" Jeremy paused in his exit, to enquire.
        "Your cum.  It's running down my leg."
        Sure enough, Jeremy could see a glob of white on the  little
girl's leg while a trail of wetness stretched all the way back to
her down-covered little slit.
        "Don't worry."  She said as she dabbed at it with a  tissue.
        "I'll  just use a tampon"  She giggled at a sudden  thought.   "I
used  to use them to keep boy's sperm out.  Now I'm using one  to
keep yours in."  At his quizzical look she explained.  "I'd  wear
one  when  I went on a date, so I could tell the boy  I  couldn't
fuck because I was having my period, and I'd be able to show him.
        Actually, it never happened, but I was ready."
Jeremy  giggled also at the revelation, then headed for  his
own room.  Quickly glancing down the hall, and seeing no one,  he
made  a silent dash for his room to get dressed and start on  his
delayed homework.  He didn't notice his mother as she sat  taking
a shit in the bathroom.  Mary had been coming back into the house
from  out in the garden, when she had felt her  stomach  cramping
and had made a mad dash for the bathroom just in time to get  her
panties  down  before the quick bout of diarrhea  caused  her  to
loose  control.  She wished she had been able to shove  the  door
shut, and was trying to reach it with her toe, when she heard the
door to June's room open, shut, and footsteps come down the hall.
She was about to ask her daughter to close the bathroom door  for
her,  when she shut her mouth with a snap.  It wasn't  June.   It
was her son, moving fast down the hall without looking to  either
side.   For the second he was in view, she stared.  The  teenager
was  completely  naked, and it was obvious that her  son  was  no
longer  her  "little" boy.  From the size of the  piece  of  meat
dangling between his legs, she was sure that he would give  lot's
of pleasure to some lucky little girl, when he got older.
        A  sudden chill ran down her spine.  "Older?,  Lucky  little
girl?"   Her words replayed themselves in her mind as she  remem-
bered  that her "little" boy had just come from his  little  sister's
room, naked, and Mary knew June was still in there, because she
could hear the little tune the child sang as she got dressed.
        The  tune  was the same one June always sang as she  put
on  her clothes:  "Some day my prince will come."  June had been
singing that  song  as  she got dressed for years. Ever  since  they
had brought  the video "Snow White" home, the girl had at first  sang
it all day long.  Finally she had slowed down enough so that  she
only sang it while getting dressed.  Mary used it as an invisible
marker on her child's progress every morning.  She new just  when
the  girl was "decent" and just when she finished putting on  her
shoes.  Now, for instance, Mary knew the little girl was  pulling
on her panties from the progression of the song.

          "Pulling on her panties!"  The thought burst into her  mind.
     And her son was naked!  What were the two of them doing in there?
     All  sorts of answers flooded her mind.  "Playing  Doctor",  "You
     show me yours, and I'll show you Mine.", "Mommy and Daddy,  where
     I  put my penis in your hole"  That last thought, along with  the
     remembrance  of what Suzy had done that morning with  her  father
     stopped her.  What was she getting excited about?  June was older
     than       she had been for her first time, and certainly  much  older
     than Suzy.  Still, the woman made a vow to herself to keep an eye
     on  the two siblings.  She didn't want her little babies  getting
     hurt.   She  also had to admit that she was more  than  a  little
     turned  on  at  the prospect of mating her  two  children.   Mary
     decided  that she had better prepare herself for a bigger  family
     in the near future.  With her husband busy breeding their  young-
     est  daughter and trying to get her pregnant, and her  older  son
     and  daughter  doing Lord-knows-what, stark naked in  the  little
     girl's bedroom, she figured that there was going to be the patter
     of little feet in the house before long.
          Mary  thought a little longer before she left,  smiling,  to
     make       dinner.  "You know, Mary" she said to herself  "This  might
     actually be fun!".

The End of part 3, cont'd in 4




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:43:45 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!netnews.worldnet.att.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 4
Message-ID: <6147cc$c1c21.3d8@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:28:33 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 459

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

                               CHAPTER 4

                 Cindy gets some help from her mother

        Cindy  Macon was horny.  This was not unusual.  In fact  she
always  seemed to be horny.  For the past two years,  ever  since
her  breasts had started to grow, she had been horny most of  the
time.  If it hadn't been for her brother, who helped her out with
his  tongue and fingers at least once a day, she  probably  would
have been pregnant six times over.  As it was, she had been  able
to remain a virgin in spite of the enormous pressures for a child
of her obvious sensuality.  The last 3 months had been the worst,
as she started having regular periods.  Her first one had been  6
months ago, and it had caused her to get so aroused that she  had
almost  fucked  one of the jocks who always seemed to  be  making
lewd  passes at her.  If their passes hadn't been so crude,  that
they  turned  her more off than on, she probably  wouldn't  be  a
virgin  right now.  As it was, her brother was the only  man  who
had  ever  touched her.  He had showed her how to satisfy  a  man
with  her mouth and tongue, while eating her pussy with a  relish
that never seemed to diminish.
        Only  once, had the older boy ever gone any  further.   That
time,  Billy  had come upon his little sister, while  the  little
girl  was pulling out her last used tampon.  Billy had asked  his
sister if she was "on the rag", and when the little girl  replied
that  her monthlies had just ended, the boy proceeded to eat  his
sister's  creaming little pussy to about six  screaming  orgasms.
        Billy had been jacking himself off all during the time he ate the
little  girl  out.  While the child was laying  there,  weak  and
spread-eagled  in front of him, the boy slipped the head  of  his
swollen  penis up into his little sister's well-lubricated  young
slit,  and proceeded to ejaculate wad after wad of  hot  slippery
incestuous  cum  right up inside the  defenseless  little  girl's
unprotected young belly.  The warm, sticky feeling of having  her
handsome  big brother's slick gelatinous sperm soaking  into  her
receptive  young  vagina, had caused Cindy to climax  like  never
before.
        Cindy  had begged her older brother to repeat  the  process,
but  Billy had refused, insisting that he didn't want to get  his
little sister pregnant.  He had told the girl that, if she  still
wanted  it, to come to him when her period ended next month,  and
he      might do it again.  Cindy had been waiting for a  month  now,
and  she had been about to tell her brother that she  was  ready,
when the episode in the school-teacher's office had occurred.
        Cindy's blood was about to boil from sexual arousal, and she
decided  that enough was enough.  Tonight, she would go to  sleep
as a woman, not a scared little virgin.  She knew just the person
to      do the job, after that steamy episode yesterday.  But  first,
she had to find out about Suzy.
        Nobody  was  surprised, when Cindy showed up at  the  Fisher
residence, and walked right into Suzy's bedroom without knocking.
        The  two  girls were together so much, and Cindy  slept  over  so
often,  that it almost seemed like her own home.  In fact,  there
had  been several humorous suggestions about giving the girl  her
own room.

          Suzy  was lying on the bed, finger up her slit, working  her
     self       to      another orgasm.  To Cindy it seemed that  her  cousin's
     little  crack  was  shinier that she had  ever  seen  it  before.
     Oblivious  to her cousin's presence, Suzy mumbled to  herself  as
     she  ticked  her clit, and rammed a finger up  her  tiny  snatch.
     "Oooooh  Daddy.  Shoot your cum in me.  Make a baby in me."   The
     child's  obscene  mumbling  turned to grunts  and  moans  as  she
     reached  her  climax.  "Uhnnn.  Oooh.      Aaaaaahhhh!"   The  little
     girl groaned as she finally came back to reality.  "Cindy!"   She
     exclaimed in shock.  "How long have you been here?"
          "Long  enough, cousin mine."  Cindy gloated.  "I  guess  you
     finally got what you wanted.  Didn't you?"
          "I'm not supposed to tell."  Came the whispered response.
          "You don't have to.  Tell me, was it good?"
          "Mmmmm." Was the only reply.
          "I can tell.  Now guess what?"
          "What?" Asked Suzy all ears now.
          "I'm going to do it tonight."
          "No!  With who?"  Suzy couldn't believe it.  First her,  and
     now Cindy.  It seemed like everything was turning to sex.
          "Mr. Stockdale."
          "No!  I don't believe it."  Suzy was aghast.  "But he's  our
     teacher!"
          "Not  any more, remember.  And I know just how to get  him."
     Cindy sounded sure of herself, even though doubts were  beginning
     to nag.
          "Are you going to do it now?"  Suzy asked.
          "In   a  few  minutes.  I've got to talk  to  Mother  first."
     Cindy  got to her feet.  "But, I just HAD to find out  about  you
     first.   Wow!  You really did it.  All the way?  He  didn't  pull
     out?"
          Suzy first nodded, then shook her head.
          "Well,  I hope you don't get pregnant."  Cindy said  as  she
     headed out the door.
          Suzy Fisher's quiet reply almost stopped her in her tracks.
          "I do."
          The   implications of her cousins last words stirred up  even
     more       turmoil  in Cindy Macon's overheated  little  brain.   Suzy
     wanted  to!  Wow!  She wondered if she'd have the  nerve.   Well,
     "Que Sera Sera"  If she did, she did.      Now, to get her mother  in
     on her plan.

        Bang!  The screen door slammed shut as she entered the Macon
Kitchen.
        "Cindy.   How many times do I have to tell you. . ."  Arlene
Macon  was a petite woman who looked almost as young as  some  of
her  older  daughters.  "What's the matter honey?"   She  changed
directions swiftly.  Her maternal instincts were strong, and  her
empathy  was  unbounded.  She knew something  was  bothering  her
little  girl.  Cindy may not have looked like a little girl,  but
        Arlene knew that inside she was still a barely 11 year old child.
"Mommy,  You know how Billy sometimes has Marylin  over  for
the night?"
        Arlene knew what her child was referring to.  It was someth-
ing she had suggested to Marylin's parents, and they both  agreed
it      was better than having the two kids making out at the  drive-
in, and possibly getting picked up by the police.
        "Yes dear. So?"  She prompted.
        "I want to have a boyfriend over."  The statement was flat.
        Arlene  sucked  in her breath.  She knew it  would  have  to
happen  someday.  But Cindy was so young!  She knew she  couldn't
let  the child down now, when she obviously needed  her  mother's
love the most.
        "So,  have him over."  She somehow managed to get the  words
out without seeming strained.
        "Uh Mom?"  The voice was hesitant.
        "Yes dear?"
        "He's an older man."
        "Not married I hope?"  Arlene couldn't keep the edge of fear
for her baby girl out of her voice.
        "Mommy!,  I'm  not that dumb!"  The little-girl  voice  con-
tinued.  "It's Mr. Stockdale."
        Arlene  felt  so relieved she almost sat down.  Of  all  the
people  she knew, the 5th-grade teacher was one of the  most  at-
tractive  and kindly (outside of the classroom) men she had  ever
met.   She  knew several of the young  (and  not-so-young)  women
about  town had set their caps for him.  It was no  wonder  Cindy
was,  to pardon the expression, "going to take a crack  at  him".
        She sniggered to herself at her little joke.
        "I  see."  She said to her overeager child.  "And  does  the
poor man know about this yet?"
        "Uh,  no  Mom.   That's where I needed  your  help."   Cindy
blurted.
        "Why  don't  you pull up a chair, and tell  old  Arlene  all
about  it  Honey."  The girl's mother picked  up  the  ever-ready
coffee pot from the stove and sat down to listen.
        Cindy sighed with relief.  Her mother was going to help.
        For  the next hour, the older woman listened to  her  little
girl, as she poured out her story of frustrations and  horniness.
        She  had already known about the child and her brother,  but  the
bit about the tampon was new to her.
        "You  had  your  period this week  honey?"  Arlene  inquired
worriedly.
        Cindy  reassured her mother, then continued with  her  tale.
        When she got to the part about the teacher's office and the  torn
panties, her mother was wiping her eyes in sympathetic  laughter.
        "That poor poor man!"  She snickered.

          Cindy  didn't hold back a thing.      She told her mother  about
     Suzy's  bet,  and  what she thought  the  probable  outcome  was.
     Finally  she  got down to the point.  "Mom.  I'm  so  frustrated.
     Suzy's  getting  what  she wants, though it make  take  a  while.
     Billy's  getting  his rocks off in Marylin  almost  every  night.
     Listening  to you and dad every morning makes me want to  scream.
     If  I don't get laid for real, I'll probably take Joe up  on  his
     offer."
          Joe Jackson, (J.J. to his friends, of which there were few.)
     was a crude oaf of a boy in the 7th grade who was always bragging
     about the girls he had laid, and how he never used a rubber.  His
     swaggering  bullying  manner turned off most of  the  girls,  but
     Cindy knew that a few were turned on by it.  In fact, there was a
     rumor that more than one of his "girlfriends" had turned up preg-
     nant, and had to get an abortion.  Nobody could imagine any  girl
     in  her right mind wanting to keep his baby.  A couple of  times,
     he had slobbered at Cindy, and once he had even offered to  teach
     both       Cindy and her cousin Suzy "the Fact's of life" and "how  to
     make       a baby".  The offer had so disgusted Cindy that she  hadn't
     felt like eating that night.
          Arlene  smiled.   She knew her daughter  better  than  that!
     Still,  she obviously needed help, and knew where she  wanted  it
     from.  "I'll take care of everything dear."
          "Oh Mom."  The sigh of relief seemed to fill the house.
          "Now you get ready for your 'date' dear, and I'll take  care
     of  John Stockdale."  Arlene shooed her wayward child out of  the
     kitchen as she reached for the phone.
          It  seemed like eternity, even though it only took  3  rings
     before the click in the receiver told Arlene that someone was  on
     the other end of the line.
          "Stockdale."  came the firm response.
          "John, This is Arlene Macon.  Yes, Cindy's mother.  Are  you
     busy tonight?"
          Cindy  snuck back to the hall where she could hear the  one-
     sided conversation.
          "Well could you break it?  Something has come up."
          A pause.
          "Yes I know.  Cindy told me something that happened  yester-
     day  after  school, and I think that we should take care  of  the
     matter."
          Pause.
          "No, it can't be done over the phone."
          Pause.
          "Fine, I'll expect you at 6 O'clock for dinner."
          Pause.
          "Yes, for dinner.  Be on time."
          Pause.
          "Oh, and one more thing."
          Pause.
          "Bring a toothbrush.  You'll be spending the night."
          With  that  there was a 'click', and Arlene  turned  to  her
     gleeful  child who was no longer even pretending to hide  in  the
     hall.
          "Well!   I bet that got his curiosity up!" Arlene smiled  at
     her offspring.  "Now to take care of your Father."

        Arlene proceeded to the bedroom where her husband was  read-
ing on the bed, and shut the door.
        Cindy snuck down after her, and listened intently.  All  she
could hear were mumbles, punctuated by an occasional loud  excla-
mation of:  "She WHAT!", "NO!", "But she's just a baby!", "Who?",
        "I      will not!", and finally: "Ok. OK! I give up.  You win!"  fol-
lowed  by more mumbles, then giggles.  Shortly, the  unmistakable
squeaking of bedsprings, told Cindy what was now taking place.  A
moment  later, the door suddenly popped open, and Cindy was  con-
fronted  by  her naked father.  He had a nice 7-inch  cock,  just
slightly  bigger  than her brother's, and a gob of  white  sticky
stuff obscenely welled from the tip.
        "Well, If you're going to spy, you might as well have a good
seat."  He grunted as he pointed to the chair alongside the  bed.
        He      turned  the beam of his infectious smile on her to  take  the
sting away.  Cindy sat on the indicated chair with a thump.
        "How.  How, could you tell?"  She finally got the breath  to
inquire.
        This brought snickers from both parties on the bed.
        "Watch"   Instructed  her  Father as he got  up  again,  and
brushed by the girl on his way out of the bedroom.  A sticky glob
of      his  cum  smeared the child's cheek as his  cock  was  rubbed
across it.
        George  Macon  went  outside and closed  the  bedroom  door.
        "Look"   Said  Arlene pointing at the bottom of  the  door-frame.
        There  was  a quarter-inch strip of light at the  bottom  of  the
door.   A shadow halfway across showed where the girl's  father's
feet blocked the light.  "We could always tell."  Arlene told her
girl.  Cindy was mortified.
        "That's  Ok honey.  We didn't mind."  The woman assured  her
child  as her husband reentered the room and proceeded  to  mount
his wife in full view of their astonished little girl.
        Pretty  soon the woman was climaxing violently on  the  bed.
        The thought of her little girl watching made her cum fast.
        George Macon, on the other hand, had already ejaculated once
in      the  petite little woman, and wasn't ready to  cum  again  so
soon.  "Come here."  He motioned to the girl, sitting on the  bed
in      front of him.  "Show me what your brother has  been  teaching
you."
        Cindy  eagerly complied.  Taking her father's big  penis  in
her  hot  little hands, she began licking the cum  off  the  tip.
        Then,  swirling her tongue around a big glob of sperm that  oozed
up      out of the piss-hole, she swabbed it all over the  now  thor-
oughly  erect member and proceeded to swallow her father's  cock.
Up and down, up and down she sucked while moving her tongue  back
and forth, sticking it in the slit at the end to lap up the  gobs
of      pre-cum  that  kept oozing out.  She couldn't  wait  for  her
father to cum in her mouth.
        "Wait.  Stop!"  The girl's father pulled her off his already
spasming cock.  "I don't want to cum yet."
        Cindy stopped to lick one last glob of sperm off the tip  of
his prick.  "I wanted you to cum."  She pouted."
        "In a bit.  Now just lie back on the bed here."
        "Huh?"
        "Take  off  your dress Honey, lie down, and let me  look  at
you."  He amplified.
        Cindy  skinned her short dress off over her head,  and  slid
her  panties  off in record time.  Spreading her legs,  she  laid
there, open for her father's inspection.  George pulled apart the
lips  of  his little daughter's almost hairless slit  and  looked
inside.  Slick and wet, a bubble of clear liquid started to  well
out of the tiny hole.  His daughter was ready to fuck all  right.
        He envied the man who was about to take her virginity.  Still, he
could  taste her, even if he wasn't to be the first to fuck  her.
He      lowered  his head and swabbed the little-girl-slit  with  his
tongue.  It was like a bomb went off when his tongue touched  the
little nubbin at the top.
        "Waaaauuugh"  The build-up had been too much for Cindy.  She
climaxed violently.  The wracking spasms of her body kept pushing
her crotch at her father.  The man kept licking and sucking until
the child slowly stopped her wild gyrations.  When Cindy regained
her composure she found that her father was no longer licking her
slit, but instead had pushed a finger two knuckles deep into  her
vagina and was probing for her hymen.
        George enjoyed the feeling of his child's vagina sucking and
squeezing on his finger.  Finally, after about 2 inches had  gone
in, he encountered an obstruction.
        "Ow!" Said Cindy.  She really was a virgin!
        "Just checking."  Her father said.  "I don't want you to get
hurt if your hymen is too tough when you get fucked tonight."  He
continued  probing until he had assured himself that the  child's
virginity  was  not only intact, but from the feel  of  it,  thin
enough  and  with a slight tear in the center, no problem  for  a
really stiff cock.
        "Get  fucked tonight.  Her Father was going to let her.   He
didn't  want  her to get hurt." The man's words went  round  and
round in her head.  Her Father loved her!  And she loved him too,
she realized.
        "Daddy,  don't  you want to. . ."  She pointed down  at  his
erect member, now dripping pre-cum on the carpet.  "Put it inside
me?"  She finished.
        "That's  for  your  'boyfriend'."   Her  father   explained.
        "Still, your mother says you and your brother. . ."  He looked at
his little girl speculatively.
          Cindy nodded.
          Accepting  his little girl's acquiescence, George  took  his
     engorged   cock and put the drooling tip right up against the  en-
     trance to his daughter's open vagina.      Drops of pre-cum lubricat-
     ed  the head of his engorged weapon as he swabbed it up and  down
     in  the sensuous little girl's almost hairless slit.   Each  time
     his  penis  reached the entrance to the child's  spasming  little
     hole,  he would push the tip of his cock in, and let a bubble  of
     slippery fluid be injected into the receptive belly of the nubile
     young girl.
          "George!   You're going to get that little  girl  pregnant."
     His wife admonished him.
          "It's OK, Daddy."  Cindy reassured him.
          Ok  for what?  For him to cum in her, or for him to get  her
     pregnant?   George decided that whichever it was, the chance  was
     worth it.  "Here it comes, honey."  He exclaimed as he pushed the
     head       of his turgid penis into the tight ring at the entrance  to
     his  sexy  young  daughter's tight little vagina.   There  was  a
     slight popping sensation, then he felt the muscles of his  pubes-
     cent child's vagina clasping and squeezing the head of his  cock.
     The  sensations were exquisite.  His penis, looking like  a  hose
     connecting  2 fireplugs, spasmed and sent a thick sticky glob  of
     sperm into his diminutive offspring's clutching young belly.
          Cindy loved it.  After her previous orgasm, to have her  own
     handsome father squirting his warm sticky semen inside her hungry
     vagina,  soothed  the aching in her tummy she had felt  all  day.
     The  tiny  risk of pregnancy just added to  the  thrill.   "C'mon
     Daddy, Squirt some more.  Let me feel your cum."  She requested.
          The   clasping of the juvenile vagina around the tip  of  her
     parent's penis was the last straw for George.  His distended cock
     inflated tremendously, and began sending torrents of slick greasy
     sperm  into  the  swelling belly of his  surprised  little  girl.
     Squirt after squirt.  Cindy was amazed at how much cum her father
     had for her.  She felt her tiny little tunnel being stretched  by
     the  pressure of her father's squirting sperm, and still the  man
     kept spasming, as his balls emptied themselves into the squeezing
     little  belly of his sexy young daughter.  Cindy wrapped her  hot
     little  fingers  around her father's cock.  Now  the  young  girl
     could feel each separate bulge of her own father's potent  sperm,
     as it worked its way up the tube on the bottom of his penis,  and
     then expanded the head, before being injected into her  distended
     little belly.
          "Cum  in  me  Daddy.  Squirt your hot  sticky  Daddy-cum  in
     Cindy's little belly."  Arlene climaxed as she heard the  obscene
     words come from her daughters lips, while she watched her husband
     frantically trying to inseminate their little girl.

        "Mmmmm  Daddy.   I like that."  Cindy said as she  felt  her
father  working about an inch of his cock in and out of her  tiny
little  slit, trying to milk the last greasy curds  of  hazardous
baby-making  sperm  up into his own diminutive  young  daughter's
virginal  11-year-old belly.  Cindy reached down and grasped  the
base  of  her  father's virile penis, and then  with  a  sensuous
milking  motion, proceeded to strip the last lingering  globs  of
incestuous  sperm up through the tube on the bottom and into  her
eagerly  accepting vagina.  The sensations, as each  last  greasy
curd  expanded the head of the man's penis, and then exited  into
the  welcoming young belly of his not-even-12 year old  daughter,
were incredible.
        "It must be something about breeding your own kid."   George
thought, then had a touch of horror, as he realized he might have
done  just that.  Still, knowing that his daughter had taken  his
sperm  willingly,  and  wouldn't  be upset, if  he  did  get  her
pregnant,  made  George love the little girl more than  he  would
previously  have conceived.  He thought he had loved  his  little
girl  before, but now he knew that it had been just a  shadow  of
what was possible.
        As the last greasy dollop of semen squirted from the head of
his penis, into the clasping young vagina of his own sexy  little
daughter,  George Macon's cock began to shrink.  The head of  his
swollen  cock  was still trapped in his daughter's  tight  little
vagina,  the  muscles at the entrance wouldn't let  it  go.   The
contractions of his own child's pussy, squeezing the head of  his
penis felt so good, he didn't want to withdraw.  Still, all  good
things must end.  "I'm going to pull out now."  He warned.
        "George,  Wait!" The frantic cry from his wife  stopped  the
exit  of  the father's cock from his offspring's  belly,  and  he
paused  while Cindy continued to milk the tip of his  now  dimin-
ished penis with her squeezing vagina.  Shortly, Arlene  returned
from the hall with a large towel, which she placed underneath the
incestuously coupled duo.
        "There!  Now you won't get it all over the bed and  carpet."
She said, as she watched the father and daughter uncouple.
As  George's penis left his daughters' vagina, it  was  like
pulling  a plug.  A gush of white sticky sperm came flooding  out
and  soaking into the towel.  Cindy's belly felt empty.  She  had
loved the warm feeling of her father's slippery sperm filling her
vagina, and now it was all running out.
        "Oh  Daddy, I wish I could keep it all inside."  She  moaned
as the torrent subsided, and now all she felt was a slight trickle of
her father's sticky cum soaking into her  immature  young womb.

          Arlene  Macon clucked, as she helped clean up  the  ravished
     vagina of her young daughter.  "All I can say, is you took  quite
     a  chance young lady, especially with that man of  yours,  coming
     over for dinner.  Who's baby are you going to have anyway?"
          Cindy blushed beet red.  "Nobody's.  At least not right now.
     I'm pretty safe."
          "Uh   Huh.  Cindy, do you know what the medical term  is  for
     girls like you, who rely on the rhythm method?"  Arlene asked her
     daughter.
          "No, What."
          "Mothers."
          "Oh.  Oh!  I see what you mean.  Does that mean I can't have
     Mr. Stockdale 'do it' in me?  I wanted to feel his cum inside me,
     the first time."
          Arlene  looked seriously at her young daughter and  replied.
     "Do  what  you must.  I just want you to be aware of  what  might
     happen."
          "Oh, I am Mommy, I am."  Cindy shivered at the thought.  She
     might  already  be pregnant.  And by her own  Father!   Then  she
     shivered at an even more deliciously scary thought.  Tonight, she
     was going to try again.  All night long.  And with Mr. Stockdale!
          "God,  I  hope I don't get pregnant."   She  shivered.   The
     thought of having a baby was scary, but a little exciting too.
          "You'll  be  pretty safe."  Her mother reassured  her.   "At
     least  for about a week.  Then you'd better cool  it."   Arlene's
     advice, though somewhat at odds with her earlier statement,  made
     sense to Cindy.
          "Ok   Mom."  She said as she got up to take a  shower.  Cindy
     left       the room stretching her naked body to work out  the  kinks,
     never  noticing the large glob of sperm that dribbled out of  her
     puffy  slit, and ran obscenely down her leg.  She felt  so  good!
     She didn't realize the perfect spectacle she made of herself as a
     freshly fucked young girl, but her parents did.
          "Wow, did you see that!"  Arlene called her husband's atten-
     tion,  but he had already noticed, and his cock started  to  rise
     again, even after all the abuse it had received.
          Arlene decided that she had better make use of it before  it
     vanished,  and before she was all the way to the bathroom,  Cindy
     heard  the now familiar squeaking of the bed, along  with  loving
     murmurs  of:   "Child-raping, daughter-fucker.",  "Horny  slut.",
     "Incestuous pedofile", "Child-procuring Madam". . .  The  murmurs
     died down, as the action got faster.  There was a peak of activi-
     ty,  just  before Cindy turned on the shower, and she  heard  the
     final  murmurs.  These were almost inaudible, but she  had  heard
     them so many times  before, she  could  recognize them  from  the
     tone, if not the content:  "I love you, Honey."  "I love you too,
     Dear."
          Cindy finished her shower and prepared for her 'date'.   She
     wondered how Mr. Stockdale was going to respond.

The End of part 4, con't in 5...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:44:01 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 8
Message-ID: <6147cc$c2936.128@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:41:54 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 740

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

                                       CHAPTER 8

                           Cindy gets an unexpected proposal

        Cindy was dying.  She had been playing in the sandbox,  when
the truck backed up and began dumping sand on her.  Her legs were
trapped.  She couldn't feel them at all.  She knew she had internal injuries, because of the pain
in her belly.  The pressure  of the  sand  was  crushing her.  It was squashing  her  belly,  and
crushing her chest.  She could barely breathe.
        "Not  now!"   She thought.      "I'm too young.  I never  had  a
chance  to love a man properly. Please God!  I want to  live  to
have  children.  To know what love really is!"  Cindy  wanted  to
scream,  but couldn't get her breath.  She opened her mouth,  and
sand got in.  The pressure got greater.
        "Oh  John,"   She thought.      "I could have loved you,  but  I
never had a chance!"  Cindy opened her mouth for one final scream
before the sand covered her head, and got a mouthful of hair.
        "Hair?   hair???!  What the?"  Cindy woke up, and  spit  out
the mouthful of hair that John had inadvertently draped into  her
mouth.   All of a sudden things began to make sense.  The  rumble
of      the sand-truck was John Stockdale's quiet snore.  The  slight
pain  in  her groin was from her lost  virginity..   The  squashed
feeling,  and the inability to breathe properly were the  natural
results of a 200 pound man sleeping on top of a 80 pound girl.
Cindy  moved  her legs, and was relieved to  find  that  she
could  not  only move, but feel with them as well.  She  ran  her
little  legs  along his big hairy ones, and enjoyed the  feel  of
their  naked skin rubbing together.  She was going to be able  to
have love after all!  Quietly, she said "Thank you Lord."   Cindy
wasn't  religious, but she felt so grateful that she  was  alive,
and had someone she could love, she had to thank someone.
Cindy  pushed up on her older lover.  He was so  heavy,  she
could hardly move him.  John instinctively resisted the movement,
and  snuggled  closer.  He kissed the little girl  on  the  neck,
mumbled something that sounded like "Love you." and went back  to
snoring.   The squirming pulled his semi-hard cock about an  inch
out  of the little girl's belly, then it went back in and  seated
itself  with his pubic hair once more rubbing against  her  light
fuzz above, and bare slit below.
        The  sensation thrilled Cindy.  She stopped trying  to  push
the  man  off her chest, and concentrated on working  her  little
mound  against  his  groin, and sliding her vagina  up  and  down
around  his  swelling  cock.  She worked, and  worked,  but  just
couldn't  quite get off.  Eventually, she got tired, and  drifted
back  to sleep.  This time, she wrapped her arms lovingly  around
her  sleeping  lover, and dreamed of big teddy  bears  and  thick
heavy,  warm covers.  Eventually, she stopped dreaming  entirely,
and slipped into a deep dreamless sleep.

          Cindy's  midnight  administrations had not  gone  completely
     unnoticed.   John  Stockdale had been sleeping, when  the  little
     girl       began working herself around his cock.  His drowsing  brain
     incorporated  the feel into his dreams, where he was back in  his
     office  at school, and Cindy Macon, and little Suzy  Fisher  were
     both       naked, and playing with his cock.  He dreamed that  he  had
     just       convinced little Suzy to let him put his cock in  her  tiny
     little slit "Just to see what it feels like".  He was just start-
     ing  to  push his engorged penis up in the  little  girl's  belly
     while Cindy cheered him on.  In his dream, it felt so good as his
     swollen  prick vanished up the tight little hole.  He could  feel
     the child's hungry little vagina squeezing on his cock, trying to
     coax       his sperm out of his balls and into her eager young  belly,
     where  it  belonged.  Gradually, the dream  faded  into  reality.
     "What  a   wet-dream!"  John thought.  Amazingly,  the  sensations
     continued,  even though the dream was ending.  He still felt  the
     budding  little tits against his chest, and the tight squeeze  of
     an  immature  young vagina sucking on his sliding  cock.   If  he
     looked  down,  he could see a flat little belly,  and  an  almost
     hairless   slit  stretched tightly around his now  fully  engorged
     prick.  Farther up, were two of the nicest little mounds of  tit-
     flesh  that  a man would ever want to fondle.   John  came  fully
     awake, and realized where he was.  He was in bed with the sexiest
     little  girl in the whole 5th grade class.  He was  spending  the
     night in the child's own bedroom, where earlier he had taken  the
     little girl's virginity.  Now he was actually fucking the  little
     girl while she slept.  He felt the child's vagina sucking on  his
     penis, each time he pulled out, and squeezing each time he pushed
     in.  Mentally, it was exciting to know that he had already ejacu-
     lated  his sperm twice in the little girl's belly, and the  child
     was  already carrying his seed in her tiny little womb.   Knowing
     the  little girl wouldn't mind if he tried to get  her  pregnant,
     was  too much, even for a strong-minded man like John  Stockdale.
     He  knew he was going to try to breed the sleeping child.   Care-
     fully, he pulled his swollen cock halfway out of the sexy  little
     girl,  and  then slid it all the way home, in  her  tight  little
     belly.  He pushed his cock up hard in the nubile young girl,  and
     felt       a little squirt of pre-cum leave his prick,  and  lubricate
     the  inside of her vagina.  Back and forth, back and  forth,  his
     big  cock  slid.  There was something incredibly  exciting  about
     trying to impregnate an 11-year-old girl, while she slept,  know-
     ing  she couldn't object.  One more push, and John knew the  time
     had come.  He was going to do it.  He was going to inseminate the
     sleeping child.  He pushed his swollen cock all the way up in the
     little  girl's  belly, as spasm after spasm shook  him.   He  was
     trying  to squirt as much of his dangerous baby-making sperm,  as
     far up inside the little girl as he could.  The thrill of knowing
     he  might father a child on the innocent young girl, was  incred-
     ible.  It was naughty, and forbidden, and incredibly sexy.   Even
     the slight pangs of conscience that might have spoiled his pleas-
     ure,       were soothed by the knowledge that Suzy had wanted  him  to
     cum in her earlier, and her parents wouldn't get mad, even if  he
     did get the little girl pregnant.

        John's  ejaculations slowed to squirts, and  then  dribbles.
He      pulled  his now tender cock from the clasping vagina  of  the
sleeping  child.   Noticing a bubble of white  welling  from  the
little  girl's puffy slit, he fumbled for a tissue, and  stuck  a
piece  in  the  child's little hole to act as a  plug.   He  then flopped over on his back alongside the
little girl, as the realization  came  to him of how much he was going to  miss  the  girl ("Woman
now."  He corrected himself) when he had to go home  the next day.  Damn!  Only one night with
this incredible child,  and he was already seriously considering marriage.  The self  revelation
was  astounding.  He actually loved the little  girl.   The more he thought about it, the more
certain he was.  He'd have  to ask her in the morning.
        All of a sudden, he berated himself for an idiot.  The  girl
was  much too young.  It would be at least two more years  before
she  could get married even with her parent's consent.   Besides,
what kind of ego-trip was he on, to think that she'd accept.  She
had  told  him  that this was just to "Pop  her  cherry".   She'd
probably laugh in his face.
        This last thought, was too outrageous.  John was too  intel-
ligent  to  delude himself with that one.  Cindy was too  nice  a
girl  to laugh at a prospective suitor.  He'd watched the  little
girl turn down Joe Jackson's crude proposal in the hall one  day.
She had managed to tell him no, without being sarcastic, or mean.
If she could do that with a scumball like J.J., he knew she would
find  some  way to let him down easy.   Well,  nothing  ventured,
nothing  gained.  He resolved to ask the child (Woman)  the  next
day,  First Thing.  With that resolution, John Stockdale  wrapped
his arms around the sleeping child and went to sleep.  It was  so
comfortable  that  the last thought he had as he drifted  off  to
slumberland, was: "I could get used to this, very easily."

        The  next morning, John woke up to a hard-on.  There  was  a
warm slippery something moving up and down on his cock.  After  a
few seconds, he recognized the sensation of a terrific blow-job.
        "You  don't have to do that, Honey."  He told Cindy  through
closed  eyes, enjoying the sensations of a warm  wonderful  mouth
sucking  on his rapidly expanding prick.  He reached down to  rub
the  girl's  scalp while he talked.  His fingers tangled  in  the
girl's soft curly hair when he started to rub.
        "Curly hair?!"  His mind screamed at him.  "Cindy has  beau-
tiful straight brown hair.."  His eyes snapped open, as he  jerked
upright,  and looked into the friendly eyes of  Marylin  Summers.
        Marylin  was just giving his cock one last  tongue-licking  suck.
The amazing little girl with the big boobs was completely  naked,
except for a flimsy bra, tucked underneath her dangling mamaries,
and a friendly grin.
        "Isn't  this a nice way to wake up?"  Inquired Marylin.   "I
try to wake Billy up this way whenever I can.  Makes him get  all
ready  to  fuck.   I can't imagine why."   This  last  outrageous
denial  was  given  with a smirk and a sparkle in  her  eye  that
showed that she was sharing a private joke with him.
        "But.   But what happened. . . ?"  John Stockdale was  at  a
loss for words.
        "To  Cindy?"  Marylin finished for him.  "I sent her  in  to
take care of her big brother, now that her virginity is no longer
in the way.  I told her that I'd take care of you, until she gets
back."
        "But  I  was going to tell her. . ."  John's  voice  trailed
off.  This was private.
        "That  you loved her, and wanted her to marry you.   Right?"
        The pretty face smiled at him as she completed his second
unfinished sentence, while keeping her hand moving up and down on
his rigid cock.
        "How.  How did You know?"  John felt his face flaming red as
he asked.
        "You kept mumbling about it in your sleep.  When I met Cindy
in the bathroom this morning, she told me about it.  She  sounded
kind  of proud, and yet confused, so I suggested that she  go  in
and  take care of her brother, while I took some of the lust  out
of      your love, and toned it down to something a 12-year-old  girl
could  handle."  Marylin paused, then continued.  "Now  don't  go
getting all uptight.  Cindy'll be back here in a few minutes.  If
you fuck me first, you won't be so horny and goggle-eyed when you
propose.  That is unless you don't like me."  This last was  said
with a wistfulness that showed how insecure the child really  was
about  her sexuality, in spite of her obvious charms and  experience.
        "Uh  no.  It's not that.  It's just that Cindy. . ."  John's
voice  trailed  off again.  How was he going to explain  this  to
this amazing young girl?
        "Cindy knows what I'm doing, and doesn't mind.  If she  did,
do you think she would have left me alone in here with you?"  The
girl raised her eyebrows in question.
          "Uh, no but. . ."  John couldn't think of what to say.
          "No buts.  Now come here, and fuck me.  That is, unless  you
     don't want to."  Marylin moved over on the bed, and motioned  for
     the man to get on top of her.
          John  Stockdale  gave  up.  It seemed like  this  house  was
     filled  with sexual conspiracies.  He rolled over on top  of  the
     blond  sex maniac, and grabbed her enormous mammarys.  "OK."   He
     said.  "But first, I'm going to do this."  With this, he  started
     sucking  on one large tit, while he massaged the other  with  his
     left hand.  His right hand was not idle.  He reached down between
     the girl's legs, and started pushing his index finger in and  out
     of her squishy love hole.
          "Oh Mr. Stockdale.  How did you know that I love to have  my
     tits       sucked?   Do  that some more.  Push your  finger  right  up
     inside!    Augghh!"  The 16-year-old girl began to  climax  around
     his probing digit.
          "I  know  just what horny little girls like you  need.   And
     right now, what you need is more of this!"  With this  statement,
     John switched.  He moved his mouth to the other swollen tit,  and
     swapped  hands his right hand started caressing the girl's  right
     breast, while his left dipped into the creaming little fuzzy slot
     that had been sucking on his right hand.
          "Oh that feels so good.  Now fuck me.  Please?"  The  plead-
     ing of the 16-year-old sexpot was too much.  John got between the
     girl's legs, and positioned his engorged cock in her fuzz-covered
     little hole
          "OK Marylin, here it comes."  He exclaimed as he pushed  his
     swollen  member all the way up in the girl with a rush.  The  man
     felt       a tight ring surround the head of his penis, and then  slip
     down his cock until it grabbed the base so tightly, it was almost
     painful.   The teenager was even tighter than Cindy, and Cindy had
     been a virgin!  The squeezing of the girl's vagina as she started
     to  climax, trying to milk the sperm up from his balls  and  into
     her eager young belly was incredible.      John knew he wasn't  going
     to last long.
          "Marylin,  slow up."  He cautioned the madly  humping  girl.
     "I'm going to cum!"
          "Do it."  She grunted.  "Cum in me.  'Want your cum in me."
          "Shouldn't I pull out?"  John asked.  "I don't want to knock
     you up."
          "'s   OK." The oversexed teenybopper assured him.   "'On  the
     pill.   Squirt  your cum in my belly.      Now!  Unnh  UnnnGh!"   She
     suddenly   grabbed him in an embrace that threatened to choke  him
     as  her  pelvis  went into high-gear,      and  her  vaginal  muscles
     spasmed  so hard around his cock that he felt she might  tear  it
     off  if  she  wasn't careful.  John  Stockdale's  penis  had  had
     enough.    It bulged dangerously, and began to spew  thick  sticky
     ropes of semen into the vagina of the climaxing teenager.  Squirt
     after squirt.  John felt like he was emptying his whole body into
     the belly of the orgasming young girl.  Finally, his ejaculations
     slowed  to a trickle of sperm leaking from the head of his  penis
     into the girl's spasming hole.

        "Oh God that was good!"  Said Marylin, as she came down from
her mighty climax.  "I always wanted to fuck you.  Ever since  if
first  entered your class, I knew that one day I'd have  to  have
you.  If I'd known that it would be this good, I'd probably  have
raped you back then."  She followed this with a little giggle  as
her body started to relax.
        John  had  to  agree.  It had been good.  Still.  .  .   "Uh
Marylin.  Don't get hung up on me.  Right now, Cindy is the  girl
I want."  He warned.
        "Oh  don't be silly."  She replied.  "I know that!   I  love
Billy  too.   That doesn't keep me from getting a little  on  the
side."   She stopped to giggle. "Or a lot, as the case  may  be.
Billy understands, and so does Cindy.  I just want you to fuck me
once  in  a  while.  I'll get Cindy's permission  each  time,  if
that'll ease your conscience.  OK?"
        "Well, under those conditions, what can I say but OK?"  John
replied,  as  he tried to disconnect from  the  incredible  young
girl.   A  tight  ring squeezed its way down the  length  of  his
prick,  stripping one last sticky glob of sperm from the head  of
his cock, into the welcoming belly of the oversexed teenager with
the incredible bosom.  "I'll get a tissue."  He said as his penis
finally snapped out.
        "Don't bother."  Said Marylin.  "Look."  Sure enough, not  a
drop of semen leaked out of the girl's vagina, as she got up  and
headed  for the connecting bathroom.  "I can keep it  inside  for
hours."  She assured him.  Her muscular control was incredible.
        "Which reminds me.  "  She continued, as she stopped, posing
naked, in the doorway.  "I want you to promise me something."
        "Well, that depends."  Said John carefully.  "What?"
        "Someday,  after I'm married, I might want to have  a  baby.
Your  baby.  I want you to promise that you'll fuck me then,  and
help  me  get pregnant.  You won't have to support  the  baby  or
anything, just help me make it."
        "But what about Billy, and Cindy?"  John temporized.
        "Billy knows about me, and will do what I want.  He's already
told me that if I marry him, I could have a baby by anybody  I want.
He just insists that at least every other one be his.   As for  Cindy, I'd
get her permission first.  Who knows, If you  two are married by that
time, maybe she'll want to have one by Billy, and we'd just swap."
        The thought was too incredible.  "Well, OK.  If you say so."
He replied.
        "I do say so.  Promise?"
        "OK,  Ok.  I promise."  Now get your cute little ass out  of
here, and send Cindy back when she's finished with her brother.

          Marylin  wiggled  her "cute" little ass back at him  as  she
     proceeded through the bathroom without stopping to drain his seed
     out of her vagina.  She kept on going right through the  connect-
     ing door on the other side, leaving both doors open so that  John
     could  see into the other bedroom.  There was part of a bed  vis-
     ible       in      the opposite doorway, on which John could  see  Cindy's
     torso,  as  it shook with regular jolts.  Someone  was  obviously
     fucking the little girl, and from the sound of it, she was  about
     to have a rousing climax.
          "Oh   Billy.  Fuck me, Fuck me FUCK ME!"  The  obscene  words
     spilled  from the little girl's lips.      "Squirt your sperm  in  my
     belly.   Don't  hold back.  Let me feel you cum in me.   Unh  Un-
     nnnh!"  These last 2 grunts were forced from the child's lips, as
     her brother jammed his cock high up into her tight little  snatch
     and  held  it there, as he ejaculated squirt after  thick  sticky
     squirt  of  potent seed right up inside his own  little  sister's
     belly, where it belonged.
          Shortly, Cindy appeared in the doorway, the very picture  of
     a freshly fucked young girl.  Her brother's sperm was leaking out
     of her little slit, and dribbling down her leg, as she hurried to
     the stool, and began to clean herself up with tissue.  She looked
     over at the man standing in the doorway with an embarrassed grin.
          "Sorry."   She said.  "I just had to let him.  If it  wasn't
     for Billy, I'd probably have been out screwing half the school by
     now, and have been pregnant 6 times over."
          John  nodded  his understanding, and then said.   "Could  we
     talk, privately?  Please?"  This last was almost a plaintive plea
     for understanding..
          "Yes  Dear."   Said Cindy.  She figured she  knew  what  the
     conversation was going to be about.
          John's  heart  raced.  She had called him "Dear".   Now,  he
     could  only  hope, that the little girl knew what  that  term  of
     endearment had meant to him.
          Cindy finished her toilet, and reentered the room,  shutting
     the  door  behind her. The young  girl  walked,  unselfconciously
     naked, over to the man sitting on the bed, and cuddled up in  his
     lap.
          "Now, what was it you wanted to say."  The girl said as  she
     smiled  at  him with a warmth that felt like the sun  coming  out
     from behind a cloud.
          At  first, John was speechless, How could he tell  this  in-
     credibly   beautiful child how much he loved her without  sounding
     like       a  boy on his first date.  He decided that  even  that  was
     better than looking like a dumb idiot.  "Cindy."  He said.
          "Yes."   She  encouraged.  The sound from  her  lips  almost
     stopped  his heart.  It took the man several seconds  to  recover
     before he continued.
          "Cindy.   Do you remember what I said last night, about  not
     expecting me to marry you?"
          Cindy  nodded,  and said. "I meant it.  You can have  me  as
     often as you want.  No strings attached.  If you want, I'll  even
     let you make a baby in me.  Would you like that?"
        John Stockdale started to shake his head, then realized  how
that  might be misinterpreted.  He started to nod, then  blushed,
and  finally ended up hiding his face in his hands.  Why did  the
child have to make it so difficult?
        "What's  the matter?  Don't you want me?"  The  little  girl
looked almost frightened.
        This was too much for John.  He grabbed the girl, and buried
his  face  in the beautiful long hair that was  draped  over  her
shoulder, as he started to cry.
        "It's OK."  Cindy comforted him, as she as she patted him on
the back.  She figured if he didn't want her, she wasn't going to
push  him.  She would learn to live with the  heartache  somehow.
        After all, the man had never promised to love her.  She was  just
going  to have to hide her love, and act happy, even if it  broke
her  heart  to see him leave.  "You don't have to  say  anything.
        We'll  just pretend this didn't happen, and you can go back  home
without  worrying about me."  Cindy couldn't resist  adding.   "I
want  you to know, that I'll always be grateful that you were  my
first."
        John  knew he had to control himself.  He was about to  lose
the  chance  of  his lifetime, if he  let  this  misunderstanding
continue.   "No. NO!  You don't understand!"  He almost  bellowed
into  the  face of the beautiful young girl..   John  grabbed  the
child  by her arms and looked her square in the face.  "It's  not
that  I  don't  want you."  He continued as her face  took  on  a
puzzled look.  "The trouble is, I do want you.  More than  you'll
ever know.  I don't want to just fuck you, though you turn me  on
like you wouldn't believe.  I want to spend my time with you.   I
want to wake up next to you every morning.  Yes, I even want  you
to      carry my baby.  I don't know how I'm going to go back  to  my
apartment.   I won't be able to sleep without you near.   I  know
you're  much  too  young  to appreciate this,  but  I  love  you,
DAMMIT!, and I want to marry you!"  This last statement came  out
as      almost a shout.  He looked into the eyes of the girl for  his
answer, dreading the thought of seeing fear, or worse yet, pity.
        Cindy's face lit up like the sun.  She felt like a woman who
had been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and then learns that the
lab  had made a mistake, and it wasn't cancer after all,  just  a
mild skin-rash.  He loved her!  Not only that, he wanted to marry
her!  Still, she controlled herself long enough to make sure  she
hadn't made a mistake.
        "Mmm, John?"  She asked.
        "Yes."   He  breathed.  His previous declaration  had  taken
almost everything he had.
        "Was that a proposal, or a proposition?"  She added a  smirk
to lighten the question.
        "Both.   Will you sleep with me for now, and marry  me  when
you can?"  John held his breath for the answer.

          "WAHOOOOO!!!!"  The girl bellowed, as she grabbed him like a
     drowning   man grabs a life-ring.  "YES!, and yes!, and  yes,  and
     yes, and yes, and. . ."  Each yes was punctuated by a  resounding
     kiss that landed on another part of the man's anatomy.  The  last
     one  landed  square  on John's cock.  From then  on,  the  little
     girl's tongue was too busy to talk, as she licked her way up  his
     body, enjoying the salty taste of his sweat.  She ran her  lively
     little  tongue into his belly button, and licked it, before  pro-
     ceeding  up to his chest where she sucked on the  man's  nipples,
     and  nipped at the tips with her sharp little teeth.  From  there
     she  proceeded to kiss the man on his neck, and on up  until  she
     was  nibbling  on his ear.  Her hot little breath  in  his  ears,
     almost blew John's mind.  The amazing child proceeded to lick all
     over       his  ear, and then she stuck her hot  little  tongue  right
     inside.  After doing one ear, she worked her way around his  neck
     with loving kisses, and gave his other ear the same treatment.
          "I love you."  Cindy said as she finally stopped long enough
     to look the man square in the face.  "Say you love me."
          "I  love  youbbblp!"  John's voice became garbled  as  Cindy
     mashed her soft warm little mouth down on his, and started  suck-
     ing on his tongue so he couldn't finish his reassurance.
          For   a long time, the two lovers kissed, then  pulled  apart
     and  just looked into each other's eyes.  John tried to  memorize
     every detail of Cindy's face.  The two of them were so  engrossed
     with       each other, they never noticed the gathering audience  that
     Cindy's war-whoops had drawn.
          "I  don't  know how I'm going to be able to go  back  to  my
     apartment.   It'll be two years before you are old enough to  get
     married, even with your parent's permission.  I don't think  I'll
     be  able to sleep, not knowing that you're near."   John's  voice
     was  worried, as he shivered, thinking about his lonely  bachelor
     apartment.
          "We'll work something out."  The gruff voice caused the  two
     lovers' heads to turn around so fast that John was surprised that
     his  neck  didn't snap under the strain.  The  whole  family  was
     looking  at them.  Billy and Marylin were watching from  the  ad-
     joining bathroom.  The girl's father and mother were standing  in
     the  doorway that Cindy had left unlocked the night before.   The
     heads of a little boy could be seen peeking around Arlene's legs,
     while the curly head of a little girl peeped between her fathers.
     "Is  everything OK Cindy?"  He asked the girl.  "It sounded  like
     you were screaming."
          John was suddenly conscious of his nakedness, and the naked-
     ness of the little girl who was sitting on his lap.  If it hadn't
     meant that he would have to dump the girl on the floor, he  would
     have       grabbed his clothes, and dashed out of the room  in  embar-
     rassment.   Cindy  rescued him by calmly answering  her  father's
     questions, both explicit, and implied.
          "I was."  She answered..  "John asked me to marry him, and  I
     said       yes."  This last was almost defiant, as if she  was  daring
     her father to make something of it.

        "I see.  Well congratulations.  Both of you."  The older man
sounded  sincere.  "As I said before, we'll work  something  out.
C'mon  you kids.  Let's leave them alone.  Oh, and  John."   This
last was said a Cindy's father stuck his had back inside the door
just before closing it.
        "Yes?"  John said, holding the girl in front of him.
        "While  the two of you are planning your future,  you  might
give some thought to the fact that there are other states besides
this  one."  This bit of information was followed by the  "snick"
of the lock, as the door closed behind him.
        Cindy  and  John  stared at  each  other  open-mouthed.   Of
course.   There were several states where a girl could  marry  as
young  as  12 with her parents permission.  The two  lovers  fell
together  on  the bed as they began to prepare for  their  future
together.   Shortly, there was the squeaking of  bedsprings  that
would  have announced to anyone listening, what was taking  place
in      the  little  girl's bedroom, but no one  was.   John's  final
thought before he gave himself up to the charms of the  beautiful
young  girl was: "I can see why Cindy loves her father  so  much.
I'm beginning to love her parents, almost as much as she does."
After  about 20 minutes, during which John had cum twice  in
the beautiful young girl (Once in her belly, and once in her ass.
At her insistence; Cindy said she wanted to get used to it.   She
explained  that  she  was going to let him "use  the  back  door"
whenever  he couldn't fuck her "for real", up the  cunt,  without
getting a big belly.), the two lovers paused to talk some more.
        "Cindy?"  John loved the feel of her name on his lips.
        "Mmmmm?"  Cindy was feeling too good to do more than purr at
the sound of her name coming from her lover's lips.
        "You  love  your  father very much, don't you?"   All  of  a
sudden, John realized how inane that sounded.  "I mean more  than
just as a father."  He expanded.
        "What do you mean?"  Cindy was confused.
        "I  mean, like your brother.  You'd like to go to  bed  with
your father, wouldn't you?"  John felt he had to know.
        "I suppose.  I won't though, now that we're engaged."  Cindy
felt she owed him that honesty. "Billy either."  She finished.
        "Oh dear.  Now I've done it."  The man muttered.
        "What?"
        "Cindy, listen very closely.  I love you."  John said.
        "I love you too."  She replied, warmed by his words.
        John  was  getting frustrated.  How could he put  this  into
words?  He tried anyway.  "Cindy, what I mean is, I love you.   I
don't  own you.  If you want to make love to somebody,  even  (or
especially)  your own father, I won't object.  I just don't  want
you to ever have to lie to me."

          John raised his finger, and put it on the lips of the little
     girl as she started to say something.
          "Hear me out."  He stopped her interruption, then continued.
     "Let me finish what I'm going to say, then answer.  Please?"
          John continued at the girl's acquiescent nod.  "I know  that
     some       people get mad, if their wife or girlfriend even  looks  at
     another  man.   I don't.  I consider that jealousy, and  I  think
     it's       the result of looking on someone else as  your  possession,
     not someone you want to be happy.  I think that jealousy destroys
     love,  not enhances it.  As I said, I love you, I want you to  be
     happy.   If it would make you happy to take your father  to  bed,
     then I'll do everything I can to make it happen.  The same  thing
     goes for your brother.  Just save a little for me.  Please?"
          John's  eyes  sparkled  as he smiled at his  own  joke,  and
     continued. "As your husband, I do expect you to carry my children
     but,"  He paused for breath.
          Cindy  interrupted.  "I'd like that!"  She said with a  gig-
     gle.
          Waving the girl to silence, he continued.  "As I was saying,
     but  they don't all have to be mine, if you don't want.   Marylin
     was  telling me this morning that Billy told her that  she  could
     have       every other child by someone else, if she wanted.  If  your
     brother can be that generous to his future wife, I don't see  why
     I can't with mine."
          Cindy gazed at the man with stars in her eyes.  "You  mean?"
     She could barely breathe the question.
          "I mean, that after you have at least 2 of my kids, that  if
     you  want to have a baby by your father, or by your big  brother,
     or  even   one by each, I won't object.  Of course, the  next  one
     after that, would be mine."  He added as an afterthought.
          Cindy  couldn't  believe her luck.  She knew  she  had  been
     getting the handsomest, smartest, most eligible man in town for a
     prospective  husband,  but she hadn't realized how much  she  had
     been       prepared to give up to get him. Now to find out  that  she
     wouldn't   have to give up anything, that she could have  it  all,
     thanks  to  this  wonderful man. . . . Her  little  heart  almost
     melted in gratitude.  She proceeded to thank him the best way she
     could, by grabbing him, hugging him, and trying to show just  how
     much       she loved him.  In the back of her mind, she swore that  he
     would never lose by his generous offer.  She would make it up  to
     him  somehow.  A germ of an idea started to grow in her  head  as
     she  snuggled up to him.  John's cock had received too much  use,
     it  wouldn't rise any more that morning if all the  young  female
     students   in his class had tripped into the room and performed  a
     striptease  in front of him.  Still it was pleasant to cuddle  up
     naked  next to a beautiful young, willing female whom,  he  felt,
     loved him almost as much as he loved her.

        "Cindy?"  John asked after a suitable period.
        "Yes Dear?" Cindy muttered into his neck, as she nuzzled his
earlobe.
        "Can I ask a favor?"
        "Nnnn?"  Cindy bit at his earlobe.  As if he had to ask.  If
John had asked her to jump in a pot of boiling acid, she probably
would have obliged at the moment.
        "If you fuck your father, can I watch?"
        That  got Cindy's attention.  "Why you dirty old man!"   Her
eyes gleamed with mischief.  "We'd have to get his permission."
        "Your mother's too."
        That  thought  hadn't occurred to Cindy.   "You're  probably
right."  She said.
        "I know I'm right."  John continued.  "And, now that I think
about  it, that's probably the best approach.  Your mother  would
probably understand, and she could convince your father.  I think
        I'm beginning to love your mother almost as much as you do."
Cindy  smiled.  Her smile filled the room like the sun on  a
warm  spring day.  The idea that had been growing in the back  of
her  mind  had just ripened into full fruition.  Cindy  had  just
figured out how to thank this incredible man for his generosity.
        "John?"  Cindy inquired.
        "Yes  Cindy?"   John rolled the girl's name  around  on  his
tongue.
        "When's your birthday?"
        "September 4th.  Why?"
        "Just thinking.  That's Labor Day, isn't it?"
        "'Day before.  Why?"  He inquired again.
        "I  was just thinking about what to get you for your  birth-
day.  I think I'll surprise you."
        "Whatever you say."  John went back to the enjoyable task of
running his big hands over every inch of this incredibly  beauti-
ful  young child's body.  He was trying to memorize every  square
inch of the little girl's body by feel.
        About  an hour later, the murmurs in the little girl's  bed-
room  were  interrupted by a cheerful "Breakfast in  5  minutes!"
that obviously came from Cindy's younger sister.
        John  reluctantly  untangled himself from the  arms  of  his
young fiancee.  As he reached for his clothes, Cindy  interrupted
him.
        "Just your underpants, John."  She said.  "Breakfast is very
informal.
        John  shrugged,  and resisted the impulse to  dress  anyway.
        After  last night, he'd believe anything about this family.  .  .
Well, almost anything.  If Cindy had informed him that the  whole
family  went  nude all the time, it wouldn't have  surprised  him
now.  (In fact, that was not far from the truth.)
        Cindy followed her own advice, and slipped on a lacy pair of
panties that hid nothing, and the baby-doll that she had worn the
night  before.   She  didn't bother to  cover  her  plump  little
breasts.   John  got the distinct feeling that she had  worn  the
bikini-top the previous night just to keep from shocking him.

          When  the two lovers reached the breakfast table,  breakfast
     was  already in progress.  Waffles were being served on a  first-
     come/first-served basis from the waffle-iron.  (No frozen waffles
     for  this family.)  There was a huge pot of coffee, and bacon  by
     the bushel-basket.
          As  John settled himself in to his seat, he was glad he  had
     resisted   his impulse to "dress decent" for breakfast.  He  would
     have       felt  as out of place, as a man in top-hat and tails  in  a
     nudist colony.  Cindy's father was wearing nothing but a pair  of
     underpants  and  an enormous fur-rug on his chest and  arms.   He
     didn't  seem to be the least bit embarrassed about dressing  that
     way,       so John felt right at home.  Cindy's mother was  wearing  a
     blue       baby-doll nightie that, while you couldn't see through  it,
     didn't hide anything, as the front buttons were missing, and John
     could see occasional glimpses of a beautiful set of firm  breasts
     and  a smooth flat belly.  He didn't even have to try to see  the
     black  "vee" that covered the older woman's mature vagina as  the
     tiny little baby-doll didn't quite reach that far down.
          Cindy's  two younger siblings were unabashedly  naked.   The
     two  children  were arguing over who got the  next  waffle,  when
     their  mother  settled the matter (temporarily)  by  dividing  it
     between Cindy and John.  John settled down to enjoy the food  and
     good companionship.
          As they started to eat, George waved a forkful of waffles at
     the  two   lovers.  "I have a couple of suggestions,  If  you  two
     don't mind."  He said.
          Cindy  and John looked at each other and  nodded  agreement.
     Whatever Cindy's father wanted was fine with both of them.   They
     figured that if he didn't help, their relationship was in trouble
     anyway.
          "Now, first off, you like teaching, don't you John?"
          John nodded his acquiescence.
          "Well,  I've  been thinking.  If you two  get  married  next
     year, or if anyone finds out that you are even dating, you  might
     have trouble holding onto your job."
          "Yessir,  I know."  Said John.  "Cindy and I figured that  I
     would just have to get another job.  One that isn't so sensitive.
     We'd also have to move someplace where people didn't know us."
          George  finished  swallowing a bite of waffle,  cut  another
     chunk, speared it with the fork, and brandished the waffle-filled
     fork like a wand.  "I have another suggestion."  He said.  "John,
     How much do you pay for that apartment of yours?"
          John  explained  that he got the apartment under  a  special
     arrangement  with the school for only a small deduction from  his
     pay.       Heating and utilities were extra.
          "Well,"   George  inquired.  "Would you be  willing  to  pay
     about  20 per-cent more if you could live with Cindy, and  nobody
     would think anything funny was going on?"
          "Sure, But I don't see. . ."  John's voice trailed off as he
     decided to wait and let Cindy's father explain.
          "What  I've got in mind is this:      As you can see, this is  a
     big house."  Everybody nodded as he continued.  "I've been think-
     ing, that we could convert one of the garages into a small apart-
     ment, and rent it out. . . to a friend.  If you see what I mean."
          "Wow Daddy, what an awesome idea."  Cindy breathed.

        "Well to continue, If I did this, advertised the place, then
rented it out to you, nobody would think anything if you moved in
here.  Especially if you could explain that your overall bill was
smaller here because we covered the heating and utility bills  in
your rent.  The nifty thing is, Cindy's room is right next to the
garage,  and we could cut a door from Cindy's closet, right  into
the new apartment, so that they shared a closet.  You'd hang your
clothes  at one end, Cindy'd hang hers at the other,  and  nobody
would ever have to know they were connected.  Cindy could go into
her room, lock the door and nobody would ever have any idea  that
she was sleeping with you.  Next year, you two could go and  have
a private little wedding just in case.  Later, when Cindy  turned
17      or  18, you two could have a big fancy  public  wedding,  and
nobody would be the wiser.  What do you think?"  George inquired,
proud  of himself for coming up with what he thought was quite  a
nifty solution.
        John  looked  at Cindy.  Cindy looked back  at  John.   John
inclined  his  head.   Cindy said. "It  sounds  wonderful  Daddy.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you."  With the third "Thank  you."
Cindy  had landed on her father's lap, and was covering him  with
kisses.
        George  kissed his daughter back, and suddenly became  aware
of how much delectable female he had in his lap.  His cock started to
rise,  stretching the material of  his  shorts  until  it
threatened to burst out the hole in the front.  "Uh Cindy,  you'd
better  stop.   You don't want to get your poor  old  father  all
excited you know."
        "Oh don't be silly Daddy."      Said Cindy as she started  kiss-
ing  him in earnest now, trying to insinuate her slippery  little
tongue in his mouth.
        "Dear, your fiancee is watching."  Said Arlene, as she tried
to rescue her husband from this embarrassing situation.
        "Uh, Mrs. Macon?"  Inquired John.
        "Arlene.  Please."  Replied Arlene.
        "Arlene.  There's a favor Cindy and I wish to ask of you and
your  husband."  Said John, ignoring Cindy, as she  continued  to
kiss her father, and began rubbing her developing breasts against
her father's.
        "What  is it?"  Asked Arlene.  "Does it have anything to  do
with this?"
        John  caught  Cindy's eyes, she nodded,  and  he  continued.
        "Yes  it does."  He looked around, saw that the younger  children
had  left  the  room, and continued.  "Cindy wants  to  fuck  her
father."   He figured the best way to say it was the bald  statement.  "I told her it was OK with
me."
        "But?"  Arlene could tell there was more.
        "But  we need your permission, and I told her that I'd  like
to watch."
        "You're  sure  about this?"  A lot was implied  in  Arlene's
question.
        "I love Cindy."  John made the statement as if it  explained
everything.  By his lights, it did.
        "Well,  it's OK by me, if that's what you two want.   You'll
have to ask him though.  I'm not going to."

          George  had  been  following the      conversation  despite  the
     distraction of his nubile young daughter squirming her half-naked
     little  body on his swollen cock.  "Are you sure that's what  you
     want?"  He asked each of them in turn.
          John gravely nodded.
          Cindy was much more ebullient.  "Oh yes.  Please Daddy?"
          After living with Arlene, George Macon had learned that when
     a  woman decides she's gonna, she's gonna.  "OK honey, if  that's
     what you really want, how can I refuse?"  He asked, not expecting
     an  answer.  "Do you think you can wait until after lunch?   I've
     got  some calls to make if we want to get this  garage-conversion
     done by next week."
          "Oh   yes Daddy!  Thank you.  Thank you."  Cindy resumed  her
     kissing.
          This time, George did not resist when Cindy stuck her lively
     little  tongue in his mouth.  He kissed her back, sucking on  her
     tongue, and running his hand up and down her back, underneath the
     thin       nightie.   "Later Dear."  He cautioned his  exuberant  off-
     spring.  "You keep this up, and I'll be cumming in my underpants,
     not in you."
          Cindy eased up, stuck her tongue out at her father, and went
     back to sit on John Stockdale's lap.  "Well,"  She pouted.  "I'll
     just have to wait I guess.  In the meantime, I'm sure John  won't
     be so mean, and turn me down."  This was followed by a beam of  a
     smile at her father that let him know that she wasn't really mad.
          Shortly,  Cindy  and  John went back to  the  little  girl's
     bedroom,   for as Cindy said jokingly.     "Something 'big' has  come
     up,  and   John and I want to get it straight  between  us."   She
     giggled  as John continued the joke.  "Yes, but I'm sure that  if
     we  work   together, Cindy and I can work it out.  I'm  sure  that
     everything will work out in the end."      The two lovers were almost
     cracking   up by the time they reached Cindy's bedroom,  and  shut
     the door.

The End of part 8, cont'd in 9...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:44:07 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 10b
Message-ID: <6147cc$c3510.32c@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:53:16 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 257

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Father's Daughter 10b     

     might keep her from getting pregnant."
          Regretfully,  George  pulled his cock from  Cindy's  sucking
     mouth.  "I'm sorry dear."  He comforted her.  "But, duty calls."
          Cindy  made a face, as she pulled her mouth off her  beloved
     father's   cock.  "Damn."  She thought.  "If it's not  one  thing,
     it's       an udder.  As the cow said when it stepped on  it's  teat."
     She  almost giggled at the old joke, regaining some of  her  lost
     good       humor.  She loved her little sister, but Damn,  the  little
     girl picked the most awkward times to need her father's services.
     This       time,  Cindy  did giggle, as she thought of  what  kind  of
     "services"  her  little sister needed.  "Like those a  cow  needs
     from       a bull."  Her giggles turned into snickers, as she  watched
     her  father  approaching  her little sister, with  his  big  cock
     pointing at the child like a billy-club.
          "Oooh  Daddy!"  Said Cindy.  "Are you going to squirt  baby-
     stuff  inside me too?"  At first, the little girl looked  fright-
     ened, then her face lit up with a hopeful, almost pleading  look.
     At  her father's nod, her angelic little face lit up in a  smile,
     like       George  hadn't  seen  in years. "He's  going  to  do  it."
     Thought Ginny.  He father wasn't mad at her, and he was  actually
     going to do it!  Ginny almost melted with the warmth she felt for
     her father, as she felt his big cock bump up against her slippery
     little hole.
            George  barely  had time to get his big cock seated  in  the
little  girl's  hole,  and nod in answer  to  the  little  girl's
obscene  question, before his overstimulated cock  began  spewing
thick  sticky  cum right up inside his little  9-year-old  girl's
welcoming belly.
        Three  big heavy squirts of paternal sperm went  inside  the
child's belly, before Ginny reacted.  "Oh Daddy."  She said.  "Do
it.   Squirt the white stuff that makes babies up in  my  belly."
The  underaged  little girl began squirming back at  her  father,
forcing the head of the man's cock to pop inside the entrance  to
her  tight little vagina.  Two more squirms, and the little  girl
had  taken her father's cock up inside her tight little belly  as
far as it could go, without losing her virginity.
        Ginny  looked down at her tight little belly, now  distended
by her own father's bloated cock, and the pressure of her  father
and  brother's  sperm mixing obscenely inside  her  vagina.   She
could  almost imagine that she already had a baby growing  inside
her  immature young womb, and that it was stretching  her  belly.
        The  little girl liked the thought so much, that she  decided  to
encourage  her father.  "Oooh Daddy.  Squirt your  baby-juice  in
me."   She  encouraged.  "C'mon Daddy, make a baby in  my  belly.
Make a baby in me Daddy.  Ooooh Daddy, that feels good!"
          This  last, was forced out of the 9-year-old child,  as  her
     father  slid his big penis in and out of her tight little  belly,
     and  pushed  his squirting prick right up  against  her  unbroken
     hymen,  and ejaculated the last heavy globs of baby-making  sperm
     right up inside his youngest daughter's eagerly accepting vagina.
          George  looked  down at his youngest daughter,  as  she  lay
     panting beneath him.  If anybody had even suggested that he would
     even       lay a hand on either of his little girls the previous  day,
     he  would  have shot the S.O.B. without a second  thought.   Yet,
     here       he      was, with his big cock stuck clear up  inside  his  own
     little  9-year-old girl's squeezing little belly, with  it  still
     leaking his hazardous baby-making sperm inside the child's  vagi-
     na, and he didn't even feel guilty.  It had been a weird  request
     from       his wife, asking him to inseminate his own little  girl  to
     keep her from getting pregnant, but he trusted his wife.   Still,
     he  thought,  this would take some explaining.  Not only  had  he
     just       fucked his youngest daughter, but he had also fucked  Cindy
     as well.   George tried to feel guilty about fucking Cindy, as the
     little girl was old enough to get pregnant, and who knows,  might
     even       be carrying his child in her womb at this very moment,  but
     he couldn't.  Cindy had much too obviously wanted everything  she
     had  gotten.  In fact, the little girl had already  talked  about
     how she expected him to father a child on her, after she  carried
     two  for her husband.  The thought was so exciting,  that  George
     sent another surge of sperm into Ginny's clasping young belly.
          "Oooh Daddy.  I feel that."  Said Ginny, as the last  sticky
     surge  of  sperm forced it's way into her  heaving  young  belly.
     "That's  it,  Daddy.  Squirt all your      thick  sticky  baby-making
     juice in little Ginny.  Don't hold back.  Cum in my belly daddy."
     Ginny felt so happy, she actually started to cry.
          George felt like a heel.  He must have hurt the little girl.
     "I'm sorry, Ginny."  He said.  "I didn't mean to hurt you."
          Ginny  sniffled.   "Didn't hurt."  She  said.   "I'm  crying
     because it felt so good."
          George's cock began to shrink inside his little girl.   "I'm
     going  to  pull out now, Ginny."  He warned the  child.   "Cindy,
     could you hand me that towel?"
          Cindy  reached  for the towel, then had  a  sudden  thought.
     "Ginny,  Do  you want to keep Daddy's sperm up inside  you  too?"
     She  asked.   At the little girl's wide-eyed nod,  Cindy  hurried
     into the bathroom, and returned with another tampon.  "Here,  Use
     this."  Cindy duplicated her mother's instructions.
          Shortly,  Ginny  was standing up, with a proud grin  on  her
     face.   She had actually fucked her own father.  Not  only  that,
     but both of her brother's as well.
          The little girl felt warmed inside by the knowledge that she
     was carrying her father and brother's sperm in her little belly.

        Arlene  decided that she'd better quash things  before  they
got  out of hand.  (As if they weren't already out of hand.   She
thought to herself.)  She sat her four children down on the  bed,
and  explained  to them that Ginny was much too young to  have  a
baby,  and if they kept this up, the little girl might get  hurt.
        None  of the older children wanted to see little Ginny get  hurt.
Ginny  was always the bright sunshine in the family,  with  sunny
smiles  and a warm disposition. Arlene made the two  older  boys
promise  that they'd restrict their coital intercourse to  either
Marylin (who was always ready), or Cindy, when she was available.
Ginny  would  have to get by with oral sex,  or  fingers.   Cindy
assured the little girl that this wasn't so bad, as She and Billy
had been doing OK with just that for several years.  Ginny was  a
little disappointed that she couldn't get fucked like the rest of
the family, but after a demonstration by Billy, decided that oral
sex  wasn't so bad after all.  The little girl decided  that  she
could  wait until she was older, before she started  the  riskier
stuff.
        Somewhat assured, Arlene left, and started to prepare lunch,
as the two older boys decide to show Ginny just how much fun oral
and finger sex could really be.
        Afterwards,  Cindy took Mike aside, and let him  enjoy  real
sex  with  his  older sister.  Cindy found that  even  she  could
barely  take the little boy's enormous cock up inside  her  belly
without  splitting, but she managed.  After Mike  had  ejaculated
two  thick  sticky loads of sperm in his  older  sister's  belly,
        Cindy told him that he could come to her room any night that John
wasn't there, and sleep with her.  She warned the little boy that
he'd have to be careful when she was in her fertile periods,  but
she would warn him when that happened.  Cindy didn't realize  how
much she was promising.
        It turned out, that her little brother was about as horny as
Billy and Marylin.  Only he didn't have a girlfriend like Marylin
to      help  him out.  Only Cindy, and occasionally  Marylin.   That
night,  after  John  Stockdale had left, (to take  care  of  some
business, he assured Cindy.  He'd be able to sleep with her about
every  other night.)  Mike crept into his big  sister's  bedroom,
asked if she meant it, when she said he could sleep with her, and
when he got an affirmative grunt from Cindy proceeded to crawl in
bed with her.  Cindy had been feeling somewhat lonely after  John
had  left, so she received her little brother's amorous  advances
in      a more receptive mood than she might have otherwise.   Within
15      minutes,  the 10-year-old boy had deposited  two  big  sticky
loads  of sperm up inside his big sister's receptive  12-year-old
belly.   After  that, the two incestuous lovers  went  to  sleep.
        Five  times that night, Mike woke up, found his sister  sleeping,
and  his  penis erect.  Each time the little boy would  take  his
engorged  penis,  and  push it up inside  his  sleeping  sister's
vagina, and ejaculate his thick sticky sperm in the little girl's
unresisting young belly.  Sometimes Cindy woke up to feeling  her
little  brother  cumming inside her, and  sometimes  she  didn't.
Cindy  decided she didn't mind, as long as the little boy  didn't
wake her up.

          This developed into a pattern. About every other night, John
     Stockdale  would  sleep over with Cindy, and Mike would  have  to
     either  share Marylin with his big brother (Marylin didn't  mind.
     She could have fucked the whole family under the table.), or make
     do  with   his little sister's oral sex (Ginny was  getting  quite
     good, with practice, so this wasn't as bad as it sounds), or  get
     along with his own fist, as he had been doing for years.  On  the
     other  nights, Mike would slip into bed with Cindy, and  after  a
     good-night  fuck  or two, Cindy would go to  sleep.   Mike  would
     usually fuck his big sister 5 or 6 times during the night, usual-
     ly leaving his penis stuck up inside the little girl's hole so he
     was ready between times.  When Cindy got up in the mornings,  she
     sometimes  jokingly complained that her belly "sloshed" with  her
     little  brother's  sperm  inside.  Mike was  becoming  almost  as
     prolific   with his sperm, as his father.  This pattern of  alter-
     nating  sex continued for almost a month, with an interlude of  2
     weeks  when  Cindy insisted that none of  her  lovers  (Including
     Billy  and  her  father.  Cindy occasionally had  sex  with  them
     also), cum in her cunt, as she might get pregnant.  Cindy resort-
     ed  to  oral  and finger sex during this period,  just  like  her
     little  sister.  Once, she let John fuck her in the ass, but  the
     little  girl decided that it was too uncomfortable,  and  resumed
     oral       and digital sex.  After the dry period, Cindy slipped  back
     in  the  routine,  alternating between her  fiancee,  and  little
     brother,   while the carpenters worked on the house preparing  the
     room for the new "boarder".  This pattern continued until it  was
     interrupted  by Mike going off to camp.  The little boy hated  to
     lose       out on the terrific sex he had been getting,  but  baseball
     camp       had been his dream for years, and there was no way that  he
     was going to miss out.  Sex would have to wait.
          Over at the Fisher house, the sexual-ball kept rolling also.
     Monday  morning,  Mary had taken her two oversexed  little  girls
     down  to see Doctor Sheffield.  Mary knew the  man  wouldn't  be
     shocked when he learned the two children were having sex, as  she
     had met him through Marylin's parents.  The Summers had put their
     daughter on the pill when she was only 9 years old, because  they
     found  the little girl in bed with her uncle, after  blackmailing
     him into teaching her about sex.  Marylin had already been having
     periods,   so  they  were worried about the  little  girl  getting
     pregnant.   The  couple had found their doctor to be not  only  a
     good       doctor,  but understanding as well.  The Summers  had  been
     worried  that their doctor might tell the authorities  about  the
     little  girl, and make all sorts of trouble, but "Doc"  Sheffield
     had only laughed, and said that he got a lot of little girl's  in
     his office needing help, some of them even younger than Marylin.
        Never  mentioning any names, the man told  Geraldine
(Marylin's  mother) about one little 8-year-old girl who got  pregnant
by her big brother, who was only 10.  Luckily, the  little  girl
had  lost the baby.  Doc. Sheffield told the Summers that it  was
lucky  that they had brought Marylin in before she got  pregnant,
as she was definitely fertile, and if she kept of fooling  around
with  older  men, she would probably have a baby within  a  year.
        Once Marylin started going with Billy, the Summers had  persuaded
both  the Macons, and the Fishers to switch to  "Doc"  Sheffield.
Now Mary was doubly glad that she had.
        Doc. Sheffield (Funny how nobody ever referred to him by his
first name.)  already knew about Mary and her father, as she  had
confided in him several years earlier.  Mary told the nurse  that
she  wanted to see "Doc" Sheffield in private, and then told  the
man  most of what was going on in the Fisher house.   Doc.  Shef-
field insisted on examining both girls, and taking a urine-sample
from all three women.  After examining both June, and her  little
sister  Suzy, the doctor told Mary that both girls were  healthy,
unhurt  by losing their virginities, and it would probably be  OK
for  both  girls to continue with their  sexual  activities.   He
assured  Mary  that both children were big  enough,  and  healthy
enough to bear a child if they wanted to.  Even little Suzy would
probably be all right.  In fact, he told Mary he thought June was
a  little "too healthy", if she knew what he meant.  Mary  raised
her  eyebrows at this, and "Doc" Sheffield responded  by  handing
the  woman a cardboard-box, about 6-inches square.   Mary  opened
the box, and found an even half-dozen home-pregnancy kits  packed
inside.  When the doctor assured her that June's test wasn't con-
clusive  yet, but her and Suzy's were negative, Mary decided  she
had better stock up on baby-things.
        A  week later, Mary used the first of the kits on June,  and
the  little  girl  tested positive.  June figured  that  she  had
gotten pregnant, "first shot up the tube." by her big brother.
        Jeremy  kept  on  fucking his little  sister,  enjoying  the
thought of his little sister having a baby for them both to love.
The boy also kept on having sex with his mother, as Mary had gone
"off  the  pill", and was working as hard as little Suzy  to  get
pregnant by her own son.

          Suzy  slept with her father every night, and each night  Dan
     would deposit a healthy load of sperm in his little girl's belly,
     and  Suzy would go to sleep with her father's seed  soaking  into
     her  receptive  young womb.  Each morning, Dan  would  mount  his
     little girl, and send the child out to play with a fresh load  of
     her father's sperm soaking into her womb, held inside the  girl's
     tight  little belly by a rubber diaphragm that his  daughter  had
     gotten  from  "Doc" Sheffield.  The doctor had shown  the  little
     girl how to use the device, and told her that it could be used to
     keep       sperm  inside  a woman's womb, as well  as  outside.   Suzy
     preferred the first choice.





From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:44:20 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 11a
Message-ID: <6147cc$c3bb.37a@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 17:59:11 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 636

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy


                                      CHAPTER 11

                                     Ginny's Dream

        It  was absolutely astounding how a little thing like  a  1-
week  trip to baseball camp for a little boy, could cause such  a
mixup.  It was all caused by bad timing, and mixed signals.
It  all started the day Mike left.  Little Ginny was  almost
in      tears.   The little girl had gotten used to her  big  brother
sleeping  with  her, and the boy had been  keeping  her  sexually
satisfied  with  his  tongue and fingers  (with  some  help  from
Billy).   Ginny hadn't missed the sex, until she got  that  first
taste.   Now the little girl was after her big brothers  to  lick
her off, three or four times a day.  She had gotten Mike to sleep
with  her  most nights (when he wasn't sleeping  with  her  older
sister, Cindy).  Ginny didn't begrudge her brother the sex he got
from  her older sister, knowing how much better if must  feel  to
the boy, but she couldn't wait until she was old enough to get on
the pill, so she could have him, or her big brother fuck her  for
real.   The two siblings would suck each other off two  or  three
times a night.  Little Mike was getting to be quite an expert  at
licking  the little girl's pussy, and getting her to cum.   Ginny
was  no  slouch  at a blow-job either.  The  two  children  would
usually  go to sleep, head-to-tail, so that hey could  suck  each
other  off, any time they felt like it.  Once, little  Ginny  had
managed to suck her brother off 4 times in a night without waking
the little boy up.  Mike had never been able to return the  favor
though.   Just one lick of her horny little snatch was enough  to
wake Ginny from the soundest sleep, and have her begging for Mike
to finish the job.
        Occasionally,  the two youngsters would try to  fuck.   Mike
had gotten ahold of some condoms, but his prick was much too  big
for the little girl, and besides, it didn't feel nearly as  good.
Mike  said he'd rather fuck his fist, than use a rubber.   Still,
oral  sex  was pretty good, and the two  children  did  amazingly
well.
        Now  Ginny  found herself suddenly  without  a  sex-partner,
after  getting used to having it on a regular basis.  The  little
girl  didn't  even have Billy to fall back on.  Billy  and  Cindy
were  spending  the week at Marylin' place,  meeting  the  girl's
relatives,  and  making  preparations for their  wedding  in  two
months.   Billy had promised that he would come over, and  "help-
out" his little sister, at least once a day, but that seemed like
an      awful  long time, to the little girl,  between  sexual-bouts.
Especially  when  she had been used to getting it three  to  five
times a day.  Cindy had noticed her little sister moping, and had
volunteered  to either help herself, or maybe have Mr.  Stockdale
help out.  Ginny was thrilled with the idea of making love to Mr.
Stockdale,  but decided that she wanted her first time  with  the
handsome  schoolteacher  to be "the real thing",  not  a  hurried
tongue-job.  She did take up Cindy on her other offer, and  found
out  that  sex with another girl could be nice.  Not as  nice  as
with a man, but nice.  Still, Cindy was spending most of her time
with  the older man, as the two of them tried to get  John  moved
into the garage/apartment before the upcoming school year.

          The   first  day, was only mildly frustrating to  the  little
     girl.   Billy came over shortly after noon, and left  the  little
     girl       weak  and limp from climaxes in just half an  hour.   Cindy
     came into the little girl's bedroom after supper, and helped  her
     little  sister get off, before going to join John in  the  garage
     where  they were going to try out the new bed that had just  been
     installed.
          The   next day was sheer sexual torture for the little  girl.
     Cindy  wasn't  able to do much more that help finger  her  little
     sister off, in the morning before she and John Stockdale took off
     for a day of furniture-shopping.  Billy called, in the afternoon,
     and  said  he  wouldn't be able to come over  until  much  later,
     because  he  and Marylin were going to go and visit  one  of  her
     relatives.  The day seemed to just drag to the horny little girl.
     It seemed that everyone was getting sex but her.  She woke up  in
     the  morning,  and heard her parents "tearing off  a  piece",  as
     usual.  At breakfast, a little later, the casual undress, of  the
     family,  that  she had hardly noticed before, seemed  almost  de-
     signed  to call attention to the sex she wasn't getting.  To  see
     Cindy, in the dishabille of her bra and panties, snuggling up  to
     her handsome lover, with a wet-spot that stained the older girl's
     panties, proclaiming that they, at least, were not depriving each
     other,  seemed almost like an affront to the child.  Ginny  loved
     her older sister, but she wished that, just this once, until Mike
     got  back  from vacation, the older girl  would  dress  "decent".
     Ginny knew she wasn't being fair, but it seemed that life  wasn't
     being  "fair"  to  her either.  After a bad  start,  things  went
     downhill.
          First,  Billy called, to tell the little girl he'd be  late.
     He  assured Ginny that he'd be over if he could.  Already it  was
     starting   to sound bad.  Then, after a quick "hand-job" from  her
     big sister that barely took the edge off, Cindy and John took off
     shopping.   After her father left for work, and her  mother  went
     grocery-shopping, Ginny found herself alone in the big house  for
     the  first  time in almost a year.  Ginny tried  to  watch  tele-
     vision,  but turned it off when it seemed that there was  nothing
     on  but daytime soaps with steamily-suggestive love  scenes,  and
     the commercials always showed big handsome men chasing drop-dead-
     gorgeous girls down some beach, where they ended up in a  clinch.
     Ginny was almost going nuts.
          The little girl wandered around the house for a while.   She
     actually   stopped, and cleaned up her room, she was that  desper-
     ate.       About noon-time, Arlene called and asked if Ginny could fix
     herself  a TV dinner for lunch, as she had met an old  friend  at
     the  store, and the woman had invited her out to lunch at a  res-
     taurant.

        After the thrill of being in charge of the house started  to
drag, Ginny found herself nosing around.  She poked into her  big
brother's room, and found his stack of Playboy magazines.  For  a
few  minutes, she leafed through them, until the sexy girls,  and
handsome  guys  started to get her even more  worked  up.   Ginny
started  to return the stack to where she got it, when a  slimmer
magazine slipped out.  Ginny picked it up, and was about to  slip
it back in the pile, when she noticed that the girl on the  cover
of      this  magazine wore nothing but a grin, and  a  face-full  of
white  stringy  cum.  Her big brother had left a  porno  magazine
stuffed in with the Playboys.
        Unable  to help herself, the little girl leafed through  the
skin-magazine.   When she came to the picture of a girl who  must
not have been much older than Cindy, laying on her back, as a big
handsome  man  knelt between her legs, squirting  thick  slippery
ropes  of cum into the hole that the girl was holding  open  with
her fingers, Ginny couldn't take it any more. She leaned  against
the wall, and brought herself off with her fingers.  This was not
very  satisfying, but it brought some relief.   Hurriedly,  Ginny
stuffed her big brother's magazines back where she got them,  and
left the room, before she got any more frustrated.
        Continuing  her "poking-around", Ginny found herself in  her
parent's  bedroom.  Ginny hadn't been alone in her parent's  bed-
room  for years.  Thinking about it, she realized that  she  must
have been only 5, the last time she had been in here alone.  That
was the last time she had slept with her parents.  Ginny  vaguely
remembered  that she used to sleep in her parents bedroom,  until
she  reached  the  age of 5, and then for some  reason,  she  had
stopped, and from then on, she had her own room.  "I wonder  what
brought that thought up?"  Ginny asked herself, as she  continued
her explorations.
        Ginny's attention was caught by the rack of books behind the
headboard  of the bed.  If you knew Ginny, this would be no  sur-
prise.  At the ripe old age of 9, Ginny was already showing signs
of      becoming a bookworm.  Ginny started looking at the books  her
father kept handy.  No porno stuff here, she thought.  Her father
didn't  buy  books to look at, when he bought a book, it  was  to
read.  Ginny started looking through the titles:
        Green Odyssey......................something science-fictiony
        Stranger in a strange land........more science-fiction.
        Asimov's Guide to the Bible?......Funny, religion?
        Alice through the looking-glass...Ginny had already read it.
        Autobiography of a flea...........Ugh!  Ginny hated insects.
        Lolita, the story of a young girl.This looks interesting.
        Ginny settled down on the bed to peruse the last book in the
string.  She liked stories of girls her age, but wondered why her
father  would read one.  Lolita.  Funny name for a  girl.   Ginny
thought she remembered hearing the name of that book before,  but
the  reference wouldn't come.  Ginny popped a jelly-bean  in  her
mouth from the candy-jar beside the bed, and settled in to  read.
15 minutes later, her breath was coming fast, and she had to  put
the book down.  This was a story about a young girl all right.  A
young  girl  who seduced her own father!  Ginny pushed  the  book
back in the shelf, and grabbed the one next to it.
          "Autobiography  of a flea.  Sounds kind of dry, but  I  need
     something  to take my mind off sex for a while."  She thought  to
     herself.   "This ought to turn me off."  She opened the book,  and
     started  to read.  At first, it was kind of sick.  Some  kind  of
     story  about  a flea, references to "bloodsuckers", and  a  young
     girl       named Belle.  After a while, it read more like  a  romance,
     than a story about fleas.  It wasn't until she reached the  point
     where  the priest seduces the 14-year-old girl, that Ginny  real-
     ized       that this book was even hotter than the previous one.   She
     hadn't  realized  that her daddy was a pervert, when it  came  to
     reading  material.   Still,  these did make  good  reading.   The
     trouble  was, Ginny was already so hot she was about to  explode,
     the  last thing she needed, was a book to get her  more  aroused.
     Ginny  wondered  if  her father was really  interested  in  young
     girls.   The books he read, seemed to suggest it.  Maybe he'd  be
     interested  in  her, if she acted sexy around him.  It  had  been
     fun,       what  they did the other day, but her father  had  made  no
     further  advances  to the little girl, so she figured  he  wasn't
     interested.  Maybe she was wrong.  Ginny determined to find out.
          Putting  the  books  back, Ginny kept on  looking.   Wow!  A
     string of videos, some of them obviously X-rated:
          Debbie does Dallas...The whole town?
          Deep throat..........No way!
          Taboo II.............Taboo?  Sounds like a witch-doctor.
          Curious,  Ginny  turned on the bedside TV, and  slipped  the
     cartridge  into  the VCR slot.  Somebody had  been  watching  the
     film, and hadn't rewound it.  Ginny was about to push the  rewind
     button when the screen snapped into full color and sound, as  the
     VCR slipped automatically into "PLAY".
          "I  never  saw anybody fuck their sister  before."   Ginny's
     hand       snapped away from the rewind button as though it  had  been
     slapped.   The little girl watched, as the madly fucking  couple,
     on the screen worked towards their climax, encouraged by a young-
     er  girl who was obviously enjoying the show.  "Oh!  He is  good,
     like       you said he was"  Said the cute blonde playing the  "little
     sister", on the screen.  Shortly, Ginny watched the older boy, as
     he  tensed  up,  and began squirting  sperm  inside  his  "little
     sister".   The boy pulled his cock out of the girl.  His  "sister"
     reached  down,  grabbed her "brother's" huge cock in  her  little
     hand,  and milked several drops of creamy sperm onto  her  belly.
     Then the girl hurriedly pushed her "big brother's" still  squirt-
     ing  cock back inside her vagina, where it belonged, and  resumed
     fucking.   Ginny turned the video off.  This was the last  straw.
     She was so horny, she could cry.  In fact, she started to.  Ginny
     blindly  stuffed the cartridge back on the shelf, and ran to  her
     own room, where she started bawling.  "It just isn't Fair!"   She
     said       to herself.  "Everybody else is getting it.  Why can't  I?"
     Snuffling,  the little girl cried herself to sleep.  By the  time
     she  woke up, her mother had returned, and the house was  filling
     with wonderful aromas, as the little woman prepared dinner.
          Ginny  resolved to ask her mother for help, After all,  look
     what       Arlene  had done for Cindy.  With  this  resolution,  Ginny
     started to feel better, and headed for dinner.

        As stated before, Arlene had a lot of empathy.  However, you
didn't  need  to be an empath, to see that  there  was  something
wrong  with  Ginny, as she dragged herself to the  dinner  table.
The little girl's nose was red and swollen, her eyes were  blood-
shot, and there were wrinkles in her pretty little face that  had
obviously  been put there when the little girl had fallen  asleep
with  her face pressed into her teddy-bear.  Ginny  had  outgrown
the bear several years ago, but still turned to it when there was
no one else.
        The smells of Arlene's cooking was usually enough to  revive
a  faint heart, but the little woman could tell that this was  no
small  matter.   "What's the matter Ginny?"   She  inquired,  her
heart going out to the little girl.
        George paused, the cup of coffee halfway to his mouth.   The
distress  of  his  smallest child almost broke  his  heart.   The
little girl always seemed so sad, but this was heartrending.   He
swore to himself, that if there was anything that he could do  to
help his little girl, it would get done.  He wished he knew  what
to      do  to make the little girl happy, Lord knows he  tried.   He
sometimes  had  nightmares, thinking that it was his  fault,  and
that he was responsible for the child's distress.  Ginny had been
such  a  bright and cheerful child, during her first  few  years.
Then, she had started losing the bright smile and sunny  disposi-
tion.  She had never caused any trouble.  In fact, she was almost
too  well-behaved.  It was almost as though she were working  for
some reward that never seemed to materialize.  About 3 years ago,
the  little  girl had started appearing in her  parent's  bedroom
doorway,  with a wistful, almost hopeful look in her  face  every
night.   When  asked  what she wanted, she  would  always  reply:
"Nothing  Daddy.  Love you."  and retreat to her  bedroom.   This
had  gone on for a few months, until the child seemed to  outgrow
it.   George  and  Arlene had discussed the matter,  but  if  the
little  girl insisted that nothing was wrong, there  wasn't  much
they could do.  Still, the two adults worried, and watched  their
little offspring.
        The  previous  month,  during what the  whole  family  still
referred  to  as "the orgy", they had seen  the  first  seemingly
genuine  smile  on the little girls face in  years.   Afterwards,
Ginny had seemed to open up, and the wistful look had been reced-
ing,  until tonight.  George and Arlene had been looking  forward
to a quiet evening, with most of their children out of the  house
(Cindy  had  snuck over to John's apartment, for  1  last  fling,
before  her "dry spell").  They planned to go over and  help  the
Summers  in some preliminary wedding preparations later, but  had
certainly not expected anything like this!
          Ginny began sobbing, as she collapsed in her mother's  arms.
     "I  can't  stand it."  She wailed.  "It's too much,  getting  it,
     then losing it."
          "Getting and losing what, Honey?"  Arlene made a stab in the
     dark.  "You mean sex?"  She inquired.
          "That too."  Sniffled Ginny.  "It's just that I got to sleep
     with Mike, and it felt so good to snuggle up with someone  again,
     someone  who loved you, and was happy to make love to  you.   Now
     he's       gone, Billy's gone, Cindy's gone, and I'm all alone!"   The
     little  girl burst out sobbing uncontrollably into  her  mother's
     hair.  "Not getting any sex, doesn't help either."  She continued
     after a minute.
          George  looked at his wife, Arlene looked back.   They  both
     nodded.    George coughed, and said.  "We're here Honey.  If  it'd
     make       you  feel  better, you can sleep with us  'till  Mike  gets
     back."
          "We'll also help you out with your other problem."   Assured
     Arlene.    "Your father and I will help you get off.   George  can
     use a rubber, so you don't get pregnant.  It's not as if you were
     a virgin."
          Ginny  was  so  excited, she didn't bother  to  correct  her
     mother's   assumption.   "You mean I can sleep with  you,  again?"
     She asked, eagerly.  "The whole night?"  Ginny waited breathless-
     ly for the answer.
          "Sure, why not?"  Said George, as he and Arlene both  missed
     the  significance of the little word "again", that meant so  much
     to their little girl.
          "And Daddy'd have sex with me and everything?"
          "Well, not everything, we don't want you getting  pregnant."
     Laughed Arlene.  "But, pretty much everything else.  You'll  have
     to  wait   until after we get back from the Summers'  though.   We
     promised to help out over there, this evening."
          "Oh   thank you, Momma!  But I don't mind.  Daddy can get  me
     pregnant if he want's to."  The little girl kissed her astonished
     mother,  and gave her such a bright sunny smile that it was  hard
     to  believe this was the same girl.  Arlene was so  surprised  by
     her  little girl's words, that for once in her 40-odd years,  she
     was speechless.
          "Thank  you  too Daddy."  Ginny dashed over to  her  father,
     plumped herself in his lap, and gave him such a loving look  that
     his heart jumped in his chest.  "Kiss me Daddy."  The little girl
     begged.  "Please?"
          George looked over at his wife, who was looking back at  him
     with some amusement.  He kissed his little girl.  It started  out
     as  a peck, then a smooch, then a genuine kiss.   George  stopped
     for breath.  "Whooo, Honey.  You're getting your poor old  father
     all excited."  He warned.

        "More Daddy, Please?  Do it like you loved me.  Like you  do
Momma.  I love you so much, Daddy."  The little girl implored, as
she turned her angelic little face up for more.
        George looked at his wife, gave a shrugging motion.   Arlene
smiled back at him and nodded.  "OK Hon."  George told his  over-
eager  offspring.   "But this'll have to do until  after  we  get
back.   OK?"   At the little girl's eager nod, he bent  his  lips
down to his daughter's.
        It was like a shock went through both of them.  Ginny opened
her  mouth, and got a mouthful of her father's  tongue!   Eagerly
she  kissed  back.   Her father was an even  better  kisser  than
Billy!  Ginny explored her father's mouth with her tongue,  while
she  felt  the man's hands running up and down her  almost  naked
little  body, finally centering on her sensitive little  breasts.
        The  excitement, after a whole day of frustrations was  too  much
for  Ginny,  the  little  girl  began  to  climax,  rubbing   her
overheated little snatch on her father's leg, as she  desperately
continued  the  kiss.   Taking pity on his  little  girl,  George
slipped a finger up inside the child's climaxing little hole, and
helped her work off her orgasm. The little girl was climaxing so
hard,  and  squeezing his finger so hard, that it was  almost  as
though she were still a virgin, he thought.
        Finally,  Ginny  came back to reality.  "Thank  you  Daddy."
She breathed.  "You don't know how much I needed that."  She gave
her  father a smile that almost blew him away.  He hadn't seen  a
smile like that on Ginny's face since. . . George couldn't remem-
ber.
        "Oh,  I've got some idea."      Chucked George, looking down  at
his  lovely young daughter's creaming little slit, that had  just
been  squeezing the heck out of his probing finger.  "Now,  let's
eat dinner.  That'll have to hold you until your mother and I get
back tonight. Think you can wait 'til then?"
        Ginny  nodded.  After all, She'd been waiting for  years,  a
few more hours would be easy.
        Ginny  was wrong.  After cleaning up the dinner dishes  that
her parents had left to her care, the time seemed to drag  forever.
If she hadn't known better, she would have sworn the  clock
stopped  running every time she wasn't looking at it.   And  when
she  did  look  at it, the seconds seemed to  take  minutes,  the
minutes  seemed like hours.  "Christ!"  The little girl swore  to
herself.   Had  only an hour passed since they left.   It  seemed
like  weeks!  She tried to watch television, but the  shows  were
all  so boring, compared with what was coming.  The  little  girl
jittered around the house, until she decided she'd better  settle
down.  Being nervous wasn't making the time go faster.  Maybe  if
she read a book.

          Ginny  looked through her stock of books from  the  library.
     Somehow  "The Babysitter's Club"  sounded kind of  asinine,  when
     you might be making a baby yourself.  Ginny decided to borrow one
     of  her  father's books.  She brightened.  That "Flea"  book  had
     been hot!
          Shortly, Ginny was ensconced in her bedroom, nightie  pulled
     up  around her waist, as she fingered herself off  while  reading
     the  erotic book.  When she got to the part where the Father  im-
     pregnates  his  own daughter, thinking it was  his  neighbor-girl
     Belle, Ginny forced herself to a climax.  "Whhaauuuh! WhOOOoooo."
     The little girl gasped as she relaxed afterwards.
          Ginny  felt so satisfied, she snuggled down into  the  thick
     furry  bedspread.  She was so relaxed, she found it hard to  con-
     tinue reading.  The story continued on, about how the flea was so
     bored  at  the  priest's sermon, that he went  to  sleep.   Ginny
     followed suit.
          Two   hours  later,  George and Arlene  returned,  and  found
     little Ginny fast asleep on her bed.  The little girl made  quite
     a  picture.  Just a little over 9 years old, her  immature  young
     body       looked much too little for sex, but lying there,  with  her
     little  fingers still stuck inside her pouting little  slit,  she
     made       an erotic picture that would have had the dirty old men  of
     the  world squirting sperm all over, from just a look.   Even  on
     her own mother and father, the effect was terrific.
          "Whooo. Would you look at that?"      Said Arlene.
          George  was already looking, and it was obvious  to  Arlene,
     that       he was getting aroused.  "Look at what she's reading."   He
     gasped,  pointing to the book dangling from their  little  girl's
     fingers.
          Arlene  snickered.   "I thought you were going to  put  that
     book away, where the kids couldn't find it."
          "I  was, but then, it seemed that the kids were  all  having
     sex  anyway,  so  it didn't seem  to  matter  anymore."   Replied
     George.
          "I suppose you're right."  Sighed Arlene.
          The two parents decided not to wake the little girl.  Arlene
     took the book from the child's limp fingers, and placed it  care-
     fully  on the nightstand.  After all, it wasn't as if the  little
     girl       didn't  know  what sex was all  about.   Carefully,  George
     pulled  the bedspread over his sleeping little girl,  taking  one
     last       horny  look at the child's finger stuck up in  the  pouting
     lips       of her immature young vagina.  Taking a last  deep  breath,
     the two parents let themselves out of the little girl's room.
          "I  saw you, you dirty old man.  Sneaking peeks at your  own
     little girl's snatch."  Arlene's grin belied her angry words,  as
     they got undressed.
          "Yeah,  who  was it earlier, who told the little  girl  that
     Daddy  would  take  care of  her  sexually  tonight?"   Responded
     George.

        "Me.  What's the matter big boy?  Don't you think you're  up
to      fucking  your  own little girl?"  Arlene  loved  teasing  her
husband,  and getting him hot.  "Or maybe its me, that you're  no
longer able to service."
        "Think so huh?  C'mere wench!"  George grabbed his wife, and
began kissing her.  "Did you hear what Ginny said, when you  told
her  that I's help her out tonight?"  He inquired after  a  short
tussle.
        "You  mean  when  she said she didn't mind if  you  got  her
pregnant?"  Asked Arlene.  "I bet that gave you a hard-on."
        "Almost made me cum in my pants, you mean."  Replied George.
"If  we  hadn't promised to help out, over at  the  Summers'  I'd
probably have fucked the kid right there on the floor, and  with-
out any rubber either."
        "George!  You wouldn't!"  Exclaimed Arlene, pretending to be
shocked.
        George  wasn't fooled.  "Excites you, doesn't it  Hon?"   He
asked.   "Thinking  of watching me impregnate that  little  girl.
Here, why don't you pretend that you're Ginny, and Daddy's  going
to fuck you and try to get you pregnant?"
        Arlene  dropped  right  into the  role.   "Oh  Daddy,"   She
squeaked,  in a high, little-girl voice.  "Are you going  to  put
that big thing in me tonight?"
        Even  the  thought was too much for  George.   Hurriedly  he
climbed aboard the little woman, and started fucking her for  all
he was worth.  "Oh Ginny!"  He exclaimed. "Daddy's cumming in his
little girl."
        "Oh  Daddy!, Fuck me.  Knock me up Daddy!"  Arlene  climaxed
herself,  as she felt a stream of her husband's sperm  enter  her
belly, imagining it was her father, trying to get her pregnant.
It  was always a pleasure and a surprise to the woman,  when
she  felt  how  much sperm the man always had to  squirt  in  her
belly.   Now, imagining that her father was trying to  impregnate
her,  the stream of slippery cum pouring into her womb  made  the
hot  woman  climax  like never before.  It  was  several  minutes
before she came down from her peak.
        "Whooo, That was good."  She finally said.
        "MMM  Hmmm."   Replied George.  Even imagining  getting  his
little  girl  pregnant was too much.  "Do you suppose  she  meant
it?"  He asked his wife.
        "Even if she did, you'd better not."  Replied Arlene.
        "I suppose you're right.  Still, it was quite a turn-on."
        Arlene  had  to agree, but was so relaxed after  her  mighty
orgasm that shortly, she fell asleep.
        George  remained  awake for a few more minutes.   There  was
something about fucking little Ginny that was faintly disturbing,
even  though the little girl was already being fucked by her  two
older brothers, and obviously was willing.  Tired, George  could-
n't quite put his finger on what was bothering him. . . something
about sleeping with the little girl. . .
eorge was asleep.

          Ginny  was  having the old dream again.  She  was  sleeping,
     next       to her father, when she felt his cock growing  between  her
     legs.   This part of the dream was always the same.   The  little
     girl       reached down, and grabbed her father's growing  penis,  and
     slid       it up against her little hole.  Gooey liquid began  seeping
     from       the little slit on the end, and Ginny started  smearing  it
     all  over the man's prick, making the whole thing wet  and  slip-
     pery.   She  then tightened her legs up around her  father's  big
     cock, and began riding it like a horse.  Back and forth, back and
     forth  the big cock went between her legs.  By this  time,  Ginny
     was starting to get wet herself.  She began pushing her  father's
     penis  up  against her tiny little hole, and using her  hands  to
     jack him off.
          It  was  at this point, that the two endings  to  the  dream
     varied.  Tonight, Ginny was lucky.  It was the happy ending.
          As  Ginny jacked her father off (in her dream) she felt  his
     big penis suddenly grow even bigger.  Hurriedly, the little  girl
     pushed  her father's suddenly spewing cock up against her  little
     hole,  and felt suddenly wet and slippery inside, as  her  father
     sent       gush  after  gush of warm greasy sperm up  inside  his  own
     little girl's receptive young belly.  Ginny was proud of herself,
     taking  her  father's  sperm inside her.   She  knew  her  father
     squirted   this white stuff up inside her mother, to make a  baby.
     She  was so happy that he'd want to do it to her also.   At  this
     point,  in her dream, Ginny would usually fall asleep,  with  her
     father's potent sperm trapped inside her tight little hole.
          Suddenly  Ginny  woke up.  She remembered the  dream.   Only
     Ginny  knew  it hadn't been a dream.  It had  actually  happened.
     Many times.  The little girl had been only 5 years old, when  she
     found  out  that her father was subject to  almost  nightly  wet-
     dreams,  and she had started taking advantage of the  fact.   For
     almost a month the little girl had jacked her father off into her
     tiny little belly, in the middle of the night.
          Ginny also remembered the nightmare.  One night, her  father
     had started to squirt his sperm inside her, when something  about
     his  dream made him think he was fucking his wife when they  were
     younger.   Ginny could tell, by the mumbles her father made  about
     "Arlene,   Honey, take it inside you.  Please?"   Suddenly,  Ginny
     felt her father's penis pushing up against her little hole with a
     force  never  felt before.  Each copious squirt of  her  father's
     sperm inside the child lubricated the man's penis more, until  it
     actually started to stretch her tiny little hole, and go  inside.
     "Ow!   Daddy,  Go easy.  I'm not Mommy, you  know."   The  loving
     words of the little girl woke up her father.  He was still in the
     throes  of a mighty climax, and he looked down, and  saw  himself
     pumping  the  last of his incestuous sperm right  up  inside  the
     welcoming  belly of his tiny little 5-year-old girl.  George  had
     been horrified.

        Ginny  had  never seen her father so mad.  She  didn't  know
that his anger was all directed at himself, not at her.  All  the
little  girl  knew, was that her father was  obviously  extremely
angry about something.  The next thing she knew, the little  girl
was  in her own room, where she had never really slept before  in
her life.  From then on, her father's bed was forbidden to her.
inny  later  figured  that her father was mad  at  her  for
crying out.  After all, she had been jacking him off for a month,
and he had never complained, so she figured that what was differ-
ent,  was that she had complained, when he tried to put his  cock
up inside her.  Ginny wished she could go back, and let him do it
to      her  again.  She swore to herself she'd  never  complain,  no
matter  how much it hurt.  She knew she'd give anything  to  feel
that  her  father loved her again.  Ginny had always  adored  her
father, and would have done anything for him.  Now, to know  that
her  father was mad at her, since he wouldn't let her sleep  with
him anymore was devastating to the little girl.  For weeks after-
wards,  she had begged him to let her sleep with him, but he  was
adamant.  There was nothing the little girl could say to get  him
to      change  his  mind.  Ginny decided that she had  to  earn  her
father's  love again, so the little girl set out to try and  make
it up to him any way she could. She figured that if she was good
enough,  maybe someday, her father would let her sleep  with  him
again.
        For  one  whole  year, Ginny had worked at  being  the  best
little  girl a father could have.  Each night, she had paused  at
her parent's bedroom door, in the hope that they would invite her
back inside again.  Each night, the hope had been in vain.  After
the first week, George had figured that the little girl knew  why
he didn't let her sleep with him, he was so scared of hurting his
little  girl.   As it was, he began to worry that he  might  have
scarred the little girl mentally, by fucking her.  Every once  in
a  while,  he would wonder if her moodiness was because  she  was
worried he might try it again.  Therefore, George did his best to
distance himself from the little girl, scared about what he might
do to her, if he found himself alone with the child, not  realizing
that this made it look to Ginny as though her father  didn't
love her anymore.
        After a while, Ginny stopped trying to make her father  love
her again.  She could tell it was hopeless.  Her father obviously
still  cared  for  her, somewhat, but he  was  never  close  like
before.  Her little heart kept on aching, and the night that  she
had "goofed-up" was burned into her memory forever.  Most  child-
ren don't remember things that happen when they are 5, but  Ginny
knew that she would remember every detail of that night until the
day  she died.  She knew she couldn't go back and undo what
happened  that night, but she swore that if she ever got  a  chance,
she  wouldn't cry out, even if her father killed her in the  process.

          Now suddenly, Ginny felt like she was in heaven.  Her father
     loved her again.  He said so.  More important, he had acted  like
     it.  He hadn't pushed her away, when she kissed him.  In fact, he
     had  kissed  her  back in a manner that was  guaranteed  to  make
     little  Ginny's  heart jump for joy.  Not only that, but  he  had
     told       her that she could sleep with him again, and that he  would
     make love to her, when she was ready.
          Ginny was suddenly wide awake.  "Oh my GOD!"  She thought to
     herself.   "What am I doing here!"  Terrified by the  thought  of
     possibly   sleeping through the one chance that she might have  to
     get her beloved father back, Ginny quietly got up and crept  down
     the hall.
          Peeping  in the doorway of her parent's room, Ginny  paused.
     "What if she was too late."  The thought was terrifying.
          "Daddy."  She called out tentatively.
          No answer.
          "Daddy."  The  little girls heart was in her mouth,  as  she
     called louder.
          "Nnnn?"   Came the sleepy voice from the bed.  "What  is  it
     Ginny?"
          "You said I could sleep with you, tonight."  Ginny held  her
     breath.  She knew that either heaven or hell was waiting for  her
     tonight.
          "N,Kay Honey.  Slide in."
          It was heaven!  Ginny crept over to her father's side of the
     bed, lifted the covers, and slid her (deliberately naked)  little
     body in alongside her father's.  It was no surprise to the little
     girl to feel her father's skin touching her's.  She knew both  of
     her parents slept naked all the time.      Most of the people in  the
     house  went  naked at night.  There was no nudity  taboo  in  the
     Macon household.
          George was shocked at the sensuous feel of his little girl's
     naked skin next to his.  His cock immediately rose to  attention.
     After  all, feeling his little girl naked next to him, after  the
     fantasy  that he and his wife had played out earlier  would  have
     been       stimulation enough to give a statue a hard-on, let alone  a
     man as oversexed as George Macon.  He started to pull away, so as
     to not frighten the child.
          Ginny  was not going to have any of it.  After finally  get-
     ting to sleep with her father, she didn't want him halfway across
     the bed.   "Please Daddy?"  She pleaded.  "Snuggle up to me?"
          George  was  stymied.   "But  Ginny,"   He  started.   "I've
     got. . ."  How does one tell his little 9-year-old daughter, that
     he had an erection?
          "Don't  be  silly Daddy, I've seen it before.  Even  had  it
     inside me."  Ginny ended with a giggle.
          George decided that his little girl's words made sense,  and
     "snuggled up".
          Ginny reached down, placed her father's big cock between her
     legs, "Where it belonged.", and slid off into the best sleep  she
     had in years.

        George took a little longer, but somehow it felt right to be
snuggled  up to his little girl.  Even with his big cock  pushing
up against the child's open vagina, and his big burly arm wrapped
around  the little girl's sleeping young body, feeling her  immature
young breasts brushing again his arm, it still seemed right.  George
slipped off to sleep also.
        Later that night, Ginny started having the old dream  again.
She  was  sleeping, next to her father, when she  felt  his  cock
growing  between her legs.  This time, the dream was subtly  dif-
ferent.  When her father's cock started leaking slippery  liquid,
instead  of  jacking him off, Ginny rubbed her  father's  leaking
penis  all  over her hot little hole, and pushed  it  up  inside!
Expecting the nightmare to start, Ginny was surprised.  It didn't
hurt!  The shock was enough to wake the little girl up  completely.
It wasn't a dream!  Little Ginny felt stuffed, but no  pain.
Her  father's cock had vanished a third of the way up inside  the
little  girl  and the man was sliding it in and out, as  the  man
copulated with his own little 9-year-old girl in his sleep.

The End of part 11a, cont'd 11b




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:44:28 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Father's Daughter 12a
Message-ID: <6147cc$d839.3d8@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 18:08:57 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 286

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

                                      CHAPTER 12

                                Mike returns from camp

        The day started out as a madhouse.  First, George overslept.
Now usually, on a Saturday, this would have been fine.  This week
however, George had to get some final building papers down to the
courthouse to get them signed-off so the electricians and  plumbers
could complete their jobs, and the plasterers could close  up
the walls on the final changes to the garage modifications.   The
trouble was, the courthouse was only open on Saturdays until  11,
and it was already 10:15 when George woke up.
        The previous night, Arlene and Ginny had been almost insati-
able,  and had fucked the man almost ragged.  Every  time  George
had been about to call it quits, either Ginny, or his wife  would
whisper  some  new  lewd suggestion or fantasy in  his  ear,  and
George  would  respond  with a fresh hard-on, and  would  end  up
depositing  another load of fresh sperm into either his  wife  or
his kid's horny little belly.  This had kept up until almost 1:30
in      the morning, when George found that even he had  limits.   He
had finally gotten to sleep, when both Arlene, and Ginny  together,
couldn't  get  his cock up, even when the two  of  them  had
combined for a two-girl blow-job that would normally have had him
spouting sperm all over their pretty faces.  Ginny and Arlene had
finally settled for licking each other to get their final climax.
Even seeing his lovely wife, and little 9-year-old daughter, in a
frenzied  69, as each of them sucked his sperm that  was  leaking
out  of the other's cum-filled hole, couldn't do more  than  make
his  satiated  cock do more than twitch.  For once in  his  life,
George had gotten enough sex.
        That  night,  for the first time since she  got  her  cherry
popped,  Ginny  slept  without her father's big  penis  stuck  up
inside  her  belly.  The little girl was  so  sexually  satisfied
herself,  that she didn't even miss it.  Her father  had  already
deposited so much sperm in the little girl that night, that Ginny
wouldn't have been surprised, if she had triplets.  For the first
time in almost a year, George didn't have a nocturnal emission.
The  morning  that Mike was due back from camp,  George  had
slapped  the alarm silent, rolled over next to Ginny,  stuck  his
awakening  penis up inside his little girl, and slipped  back  to
sleep  before  he even started to fuck.  Ginny had  welcomed  the
feel  of  her father's leaking cock, dripping  pre-cum  into  her
tight little vagina, but had been too sleepy herself, to do  more
than give it a token squeeze or two.  Ginny also slipped back  to
sleep,  feeling better, now that she had her father's cock  dripping
his potent seed inside her little belly again.
        George  woke  up  to the feeling of  his  little  9-year-old
daughter's tight little vagina squeezing his penis  rhythmically.
The little girl was having a climax in her sleep, as she tried to
get  her father to squirt his sperm up in her tight little  belly
where  it belonged.  This was extremely exciting to the man,  and
it      wasn't long before he found himself ready to give  the  child
what she so obviously wanted.  George was just starting to deliver
his seed inside the little girl's womb, when he looked over at
the bedstand, and noticed the time.
        "Jesus  H. Christ!"  George exclaimed, as the surprise  made
him  jerk his still spewing cock out of his little  girl's  tight
little  belly.  Squirt after squirt impacted against  the  little
girl's open cunt, and smeared her little vagina with greasy ropes
of her father's white sticky sperm.
        Ginny was jerked awake, when her father suddenly pulled  his
squirting cock out of her belly.  "Oh Daddy.  Why did you have to
pull out?"  She whimpered.  "I wanted your cum inside me."
        "Sorry  Ginny."  George replied.  "I have to hurry, and  get
to      the courthouse.  Besides, you look sexy, with  Daddy's  sperm
all over your cute little cunt."
        Ginny  looked down between her legs.  Her father was  right.
It did look incredibly sexy to see her own father's sperm soaking
the  pouting lips of her vagina, and spread all over  her  little
clit, and soaking into the little hole between her legs.
        "Unnph!"   Said the little girl, as, reaching  down  between
her  legs,  she smeared her father's sperm all over  her  swollen
little clit, and pushed the rest up inside her horny little hole.
"I still like it better inside me."  She commented.
        Watching  his cute little 9-year-old girl pushing his  sperm
up      inside her vagina, was almost enough to make George stop  his
frantic  dressing, and climb back into bed with the  sexy  little
girl.   However, plasterers and painters cost money, not to  mention
electricians and plumbers.  The thought of plumbers  hourly rates
made  George hurry even faster.  "'Love you,  Ginny."   He
said as he kissed the naked little girl, before leaving the room.
Arlene  was  already  up, and George could  hear  her  clattering
around in "her" kitchen.
        "'Love you too, Daddy."  Said the little girl as she  kissed
her  father.   Ginny  didn't accept just a  peck,  she  gave  her
beloved  father  such a tongue-sucking soul-kiss,  that  the  man
almost  climbed back into bed with her.  Almost.  The thought  of
paying plumbers wages for two more days managed to stop him.
        "Sorry Honey, but I've got to go."  One last  tongue-licking
kiss,  and George Macon hurriedly scrambled for the door,  before
his willpower deserted him.
        "Spoilsport!"   Said Ginny, but gave her father a big  grin,
to      show  that she wasn't really all that  annoyed.   After  last
night,  and  once again this morning, the  little  girl  couldn't
complain that she was being sexually neglected.  Ginny went  back
to playing with the glob her father's jizz, that was welling back
out  of  her  open little cunt. Looking at  her  father's  sperm
leaking out of her vagina, knowing that this was the white  stuff
that  made babies inside little girls, and that she was  carrying
her own father's baby-juice inside her belly was always a  thrill
to the little 9-year-old.
        Basking in the glow of his little girl's grin, George limped
out of the bedroom, as he tried to tie his shoe while making  his
way towards the remaining garage.
          "George!   Aren't  you going to have any  breakfast?"   Came
     Arlene's plaint.
          "Sorry  Dear.   'Gotta  get these plans  to  the  courthouse
     before  11."  Said George worriedly, as he grabbed the  sheaf  of
     papers, and still buttoning his shirt, headed for the door to the
     garage.  Worried, He glanced at the clock.  "Holy smoke!  Only 20
     more minutes!"  He thought.
          He  was just starting the car, when Arlene appeared  in  the
     doorway.   The little woman was still naked, except for a steaming
     cup of coffee in an "auto-safe" cup.  "Here.  Drink this, on  the
     way."  She commanded, as she gave him a goodbye peck.  "Now don't
     have any accidents on the way."
          George hadn't known he could love his wife any more than  he
     already did, but each day, the little woman seemed to find a  new
     way  to  make his love grow stronger.      "'Love  you,  Honey."   He
     repeated the words he had given his little girl, to his wife.  He
     felt       so      warm inside with the knowledge that it was  true.   For
     both of them.
          "'Love you too, Dear.  Bye."  Arlene watched as her  husband
     gunned  the car out the opening door of the garage, not  noticing
     that his beautiful wife was standing naked in the  garage-doorway
     waving  at  him, for all the neighbors to see.   Arlene  heard  a
     faint  "Bye!",  and ducked inside as the garage-door  started  to
     close.  If anyone had seen the petite little woman standing  nude
     in  the  open doorway, they never found out.   Certainly,  nobody
     ever complained.
        Arlene  was just finishing breakfast with Ginny,  when  Suzy
arrived.  The little girl was not surprised to see the two Macons
sitting  naked at the breakfast table.  She had slept over  often
enough, with Cindy, to know that nudity was the norm in the Macon
household, on weekend mornings, anyway.  Suzy had some big  news,
and she had wanted to share it with her older cousin.
        The  two  families had decided that they couldn't  keep  any
secrets between them, and both families knew what was going on in
the  other.   It had been quite a relief, when  Arlene  and  Mary
found  out  that they weren't alone in their problems.   The  two
families had gotten together, and decided to face the world  with
a  common front.  If any of their little girls showed up  with  a
big belly, nobody in either family would divulge who had  knocked
the  child up.  They figured if the little girl didn't tell,  and
nobody  else  even acted like they knew, there  was  nothing  the
authorities  could do, especially, if the parents acted  properly
"shocked"  at their little girl's pregnancy.  There  were  enough
boys  getting their little girlfriends pregnant, in this day  and
age, and it wasn't all that unusual for a little girl to want  to
protect her lover, by keeping silent.  They figured that this was
safer  than the "padding" trick, especially if more than  one  of
the little girl's showed up with a big belly at the same time.
        Not  finding  Cindy  (She was out shopping  with  John,  for
furniture.),  Suzy decided to share the news anyway.  It was  too
exciting to keep to herself, and the Macons were the only  people
she  could  talk to, except her own family.   "June's  pregnant."
She blurted.  "We just found out this morning."  She amplified at
        Arlene's raised eyebrow.  "Damn.  I wanted to be first."
        "Me too."  Said Ginny.  "Maybe we're trying too hard."
        "You're  both  a  little young yet  to  be  having  babies."
commented Arlene.  "Especially you, Ginny.  It's kind of hard  to
get pregnant when you aren't even having periods yet.  Besides, a
baby can be a lot of trouble for a little girl as young as either
of      you.  When your body feels it is ready, you'll get  pregnant.
Don't you worry.  In fact, once your body decides it's ready, the
problem will be to not have too many babies."
          Suzy  looked at Ginny who looked back.  The two  girls  were
     rapidly  becoming fast friends.  Cindy was getting so wrapped  up
     in  John, that Suzy hadn't been able to spend much time with  her
     cousin.    They  both  realized that once Cindy  settled  in,  and
     started to live with the schoolteacher the two of them would have
     more time to spend together, but it would never be quite the same
     as when Cindy didn't have anyone but Suzy that she really  wanted
     to  spend her time with.  The two cousins would always be  close,
     but it would never be the same.  Ginny, on the other hand,  still
     didn't have a boyfriend either.  Also, the knowledge that both of
     them       were busy tying to get pregnant by their own fathers,  gave
     the two little girls a common bond.  The almost 2-year difference
     in their ages, seemed smaller every day.
          Ginny answered for both of them.      "We know that Momma.  It's
     just       frustrating,  to see someone else  getting  pregnant,  when
     you're  trying so hard yourself.  I hope Suzy and I get  pregnant
     at the same time.  It will be murder on the one of us who has  to
     wait,  and  watch the other one carry her  father's  baby  first,
     knowing  that we both started about the same time."   The  little
     girl       sighed, and continued.  "That'll probably be me, since,  as
     you pointed out, I'm not even having monthlies yet."
          Arlene  smiled at the two cute little girls,  and  reassured
     them.  "Don't be too discouraged..  There have been lots of little
     girls who have gotten pregnant, some even younger than you Ginny.
     There have even been some of them who never did have a period."
          Shortly,  the two little girls were discussing what it  felt
     like to have a baby, with Arlene.  The discussion would have con-
     tinued well into the afternoon, but the chiming of the hall clock
     got  Arlene's  attention.  It was 1:30, and George  had  not  yet
     returned.  "Holy smoke!"  Arlene exclaimed.  "I've got to pick up
     Mike down at the school grounds, and George still has the car!"
          "What  about  the other one?"  Asked Suzy.  "Can't  you  use
     that?"
          "It's  still  in the garage, getting fixed."   Said  Arlene.
     "Ginny.    Tell your father I walked down to the school,  to  meet
     mike.  Somebody's got to be there when the bus arrives.  If I jog
     most       of      the  way, I just might make it."   Arlene  grabbed  her
     purse, and headed for the door.
          "Wait!   Arlene."  Yelled Suzy, catching the woman  in  mid-
     stride  as  she exited through the door.  "Mom'll take  you  down
     there."    She caught up to Arlene, as they headed down  the  path
     that passed by the Fisher household.  "If not, then I can take my
     bike, and get there, a lot easier."
          Arlene  slowed her trot to a fast walk.  "Well,  we'd  still
     better hurry."  She said, still breathing fast.
          10 minutes later, the three were headed down to the  school,
     in  Mary's car.  It had taken that long, to explain the  urgency,
     and  for Mary to find her purse and key, and get the car  out  of
     the garage.  The trio arrived just in time to see the big  yellow
     bus  pull  in, in front of them.  "Just made it!"   Said  Arlene,
     with a sigh of relief.

        Shortly,  they had gathered up Mike and his gear,  and  were
headed back to drop them off at the Macon household.  On the  way
back, Mike spent most of his time ogling his cute cousin's  body.
After a week at camp, with nothing but boys, Mike was as horny as
an old goat.  Most of the kids at camp didn't seem to  appreciate
what  nice things little girls really were.  Missing out  on  the
almost  nightly sex he had been getting, had been quite a  strain
for  the  boy.   Now, crowded into the back seat  with  his  sexy
little  cousin, who was only 6 months older than he was, and  who
he knew was fucking her own father, was giving the boy a  hard-on
that  threatened to split his pants.  The tiny little shorts  and
sexy halter the little girl was wearing didn't help any either.
        Suzy giggled.  "Mike's got a hard-on."  She announced.
        "Well, Geeze!"  Mike defended himself.  "I haven't been laid
in a week, and I can't help it. Besides, that outfit would  give
a brass monkey lover's nuts."
        The  other  occupants of the car giggled at  the  boy's  re-
sponse.
        "Poor boy."  Said Arlene.  "We'll have to see what we can do
when  we get home.  In the meantime, try not to offend your  cousin.  You'd better keep your
eyes and hands to yourself, until weget home."
        "That's  all right, Aunt Arlene."  Said Suzy.  "He can  look
at me if he want's to.  He can even feel me, if that'll help."
        Arlene  and Mary looked at each other.  "Kids  these  days."
        Said Mary, with a smirk.  Arlene grinned back.
        "'You mean it?"  Asked Mike, hardly believing his luck.
        Suzy  nodded, and suddenly the little boy was all over  her.
        Mike ran his hands up and down the little girl's midriff,  
enjoying the feel of the first female flesh he had touched in a  
week.  He then pulled the little girl closer, so that he could wrap  
his arms around the child, and feel her back with his hands while 
the little girl's developing breasts poked him in the chest.
        Arlene watched the seduction going on in the back seat.   It
was quite a sight, as the little boy felt up and down his  little
cousin's body, trying to turn her on, as much as he was.  He  was
starting  to succeed, but it began to look like he would  be  too
late  anyway.  The head of the boy's cock was sticking up out  of
the  top of his shorts, and threatened to deluge both  kids  with
his sticky sperm, as Suzy turned around and faced him so that the
head  of  the boy's prick was leaking pre-cum all over  her  sexy
little belly.
        "Oh  wow!  It's almost as big as Daddy's!"  Said the  little
girl.  "Momma, can I try it?"  She asked.
        "I thought you wanted Daddy to. . . "  Reminded Mary.
        "It's OK, Momma, my period's tomorrow.  Please Momma?"

        "I  don't  think  Mike's going to be able  to  wait,  Suzy."
Arlene  informed her niece, observing the obvious  excitement  of
her  little boy.  "You'd better. . .  Oh Shit!  Catch it!   It'll
get all over the car."
        Mary's  suspicions  were proved correct, more  rapidly  that
even she had expected.  Mike began spouting white greasy ropes of
thick  sticky cum all over his cousin's sexy little  belly.   "Oh
Shit!"  He echoed Mary's words.

The End of 12a, cont'd in 12b...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:44:36 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Honey 2 of 6
Message-ID: <6147cc$d1a11.109@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 18:26:17 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 388

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

CHAPTER 2

 I was still sitting there in the corvette, kind of daydreaming and running my
tongue around in my mouth and tasting the after taste of my boyfriend's cum and
trying to figure out exactly what it really did taste like. Finally I quit
trying to figure it out, it didn't matter anyway because it was a unique flavor
all it's own.
 I guess when I was daydreaming, I was kind of playing with my fingers between
my legs because when my boyfriend moved I realized that my skirt was up and my
fingers were there.
 I started to pull my skirt down when he moved his hand to the inside of my
thigh and then right onto my pussy.
 "Tom Parker, what do you think you are doing?"
 My voice tried to be indignant, when in reality it felt so good with his
fingers there that I took mine away.
 "You played with mine, now I'm going to play with yours."
 "Well, I guess that's only fair, isn't it?"
 I pretended to fight a little with him about it but the truth was if he had
tried to take his fingers away I probably would have hit him!
 I can remember how it felt for the very first time when he was moving the hair
between my spread thighs and moving his finger in just a little. I must have
been very wet because I was very excited and my breathing was hard and I was
squirming all over the place and then he touched the magic button and I came.
 I know I must have made a lot of noise when I came because I always do.
 Anyway, after that we kissed a lot and held hands and then finally Tom drove
me home.

 You'd think that we would have screwed, but you have to remember that I was
sixteen and I didn't want to get pregnant and there were lots of horror stories
going around school about girls who had gotten pregnant and ruined there lives
and stuff so I knew that I didn't want to have a baby and I was pretty cautious
about screwing.
 We did go parking a lot though!
 It got to be the same thing time after time. Tom would park and feel my
breasts and my pussy for just a little while and then he would take out his
cock and almost beg me to suck him off.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 8 -

 I would, but in time I got tired of always sucking him off and one night I
asked him to suck me off too.
 You'd have thought I had asked him to rob the Merchants Trust bank the way he
reacted!
 The long and the short of it was that he said he didn't want to, and I said he
must, and we fought until I cried and he took me home.
 We went out a few times after that but it was always the same and we would
fight and he would make me suck on his cock which I loved to do but he would
not even kiss my pussy at all so one night after a big fight I gave him back
his gold football on a chain that I had been wearing around my neck, and we
were no longer going steady.

 There were a couple of weeks that went by, and then we were friends again, but
that was all. By then I was missing not having a boyfriend and I was ready to
go steady again and I everyone at school knew that Tom and I had broken up and
before long I went out with another boy from school.
 Before a week went by we were going steady.

 It sounds funny but for the life of me I can't remember his name now, but I do
remember parking and playing with him too, and he didn't have Tom's adversion
to eating pussy at all!
 We used to really have some fun times parking at the airport and we used to
park about once a week.
 Anyway, it was about that time that Bobby Joe came home from school for the
summer and that ended my peeking through the holes in the closet at my mother
and who ever her boyfriend was at the time.

 I do remember coming home one day and the door to my bedroom was locked. I
knew Bobby Joe was in there and I snuck into my mother's room and peeked into
the holes from the other direction and watched my brother fuck his girlfriend
on the bunk bed. Her name was Alice and she lived down the street and was a
senior in high school and she was really enjoying my brother pumping his cock
between her legs.
 Anyway, I watched them until he came in her, and then I saw him get off and
wipe off his cock.
 Later that night I remember fishing in the basket and finding the cloth
covered with cum, and dipping a finger in it and tasting it with my tongue.
 It tasted about the same I guess as all cum, but I had to find out for myself.
I do realize that it was cold instead of warm so there may be some difference
in taste because of that.

 I think it must have been then that I resolved to taste every boy in my high
school class and find out what if any difference there might be in tasting.
 I did too! Well I almost did. There were two guys that I never was able to
give head to. One was going steady and all the time I was in high school he
always went with the same girl so there just was no way that I could do it with
him, and the other was a piano player in the school orchestra and even though
we went out twice and even parked once he wasn't brave enough to even kiss me
at all much less let me suck him off, so now that I think of it I think he may
have been gay or on the way, one of the two.

 Anyway, it took almost two years to go through all the boys in my high school

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 9 -

class but it was a small class and there were only nineteen boys out of
twenty-one that I sucked off.
 That was about it as far as my high school adventuring went.
 I did still see my mother fucking her boyfriends and my uncle Mark too through
the holes in the closet once in a while, but she had taken to turning off the
lights in the bedroom including the little pink light on the bedside table and
it was so darn dark in there now that I couldn't see a thing anymore.
 I sometimes wonder if she knew or had discovered the holes somehow and had
decided to end my show. She didn't plug up the holes at all, but she did turn
the lights off, every time!
 That was really disappointing for me. I used to get very horny watching anyone
fuck, and I still do! It was like foreplay to me and as I would watch I would
get so horny and excited that I would play with my pussy and cum and cum and
cum.

 I guess I was born lucky as well as horny! I have heard about women that
oculdn't cum at all! I really can't believe that. But I hear that it's true! I
know I never have any trouble cumming at all, in fact sometimes I have trouble
stopping cumming!
 I know that sounds strange to some of you, but the women that read this will
know what I mean when you get so excited that even afterwards you keep on
shuddering and shaking and you can feel your insides churn and the flood of
another release. Sometimes even hours afterwards when I start thinking about
how it felt I get miniature orgasms that are great!

 Anyway, I suppose that the next part of my sexual adventures would be of
interest to you now.
 I got a job after school and during the summer in a small shop called
Johnson's TV, that fixed television sets and did radio repairs and some other
little electrical appliances in town that was run by a nice man and his son and
his wife too.
 When I started there his wife was taking all the calls and scheduling the
deliveries and pickups for repair but she wanted to be able to take a rest so
they hired me to answer the phone and work the counter in front while they
worked in back on the sets that needed repair. I only worked afternoons late
and then on Saturdays and in the summer I worked from eight to five or
sometimes later if there were lots of sets to pick up and deliver.
 Mister Johnson was usually the one who did most of the shop work for the sets
that couldn't be fixed by his son Bill at the houses that called for repair.
 Bill Johnson was a big blonde kid about four or five years older than I was. I
was sixteen so he must have been twenty or twenty one and he had a girlfriend
and later married her. I even came to the wedding and drank champagne
afterwards at the reception.

 Anyway, on with my story.
 It's hard sometimes to write all of this down. Most of it I can remember very
clearly but some of it seems to have faded away and I don't recall all of it.
 I do remember the old Chevrolet panel truck that Bill used to pick up and
deliver the TV sets.
 I also remember the first time I gave him a blow job in the front seat of that
truck.
 It was on a saturday night and we had worked late and it was about eight

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 10 -

o'clock or so when we closed and Bill offered me a ride home because the bus
stopped running at eight and it was after that time.
 He had to deliver a TV set on the way to my house and when we got to the house
we had to take the set to, I helped to take out the cart and then we pushed it
up the walk to the front door.
 It wasn't too long before we had the set hooked up and working and Bill made
out the order form for payment and got a check and we headed out to the truck
again to put the cart in the back.
 Bill unlocked the right door for me to get in. Remember those old Chevrolets
had a high step and as I stepped on to get into the door Bill put his hand on
my butt and gave me a boost up.
 In the truck and driving out to my home Bill remarked to me something under
his breath and I didn't hear him so I asked what he said.
 "I said you had a nice ass."

 He had never said anything like that to me before, and had never ever even
flirted with me, so it came as kind of a shock when he said that.
 "I didn't think you noticed." I giggled at him.
 "I noticed alright. How could I help but notice?"
 "Well, you have a nice ass too!" I did like his ass. I liked men who had broad
shoulders and slim hips and good buns and he sure had them!
 We both were laughing then as he drove. It wasn't long before he smiled over
at me.
 "Listen, you want to stop and get a hamburger at Simpson's?"
 Simpson's was a little place that had a cowboy band on saturday nights and
there was dancing and some sort of entertainment too.
 "Can I get into Simpson's? I'm sixteen."
 "Sure, no sweat! We won't be drinking anything anyway."
 Our town didn't allow drinking establishments. The whole county was dry and if
you wanted to drink you had to bring your own bottle and they provided ice and
whatever you wanted to mix your drink with. And, they charged you for it!
 "Sure, I'm hungry. Let's do it."
 We stopped before long and Bill brought his bottle in a brown paper bag in and
we sat in a corner booth and he ordered two cheeseburgers and two cokes with
ice.
 When the cheeseburgers and the cokes and ice arrived, he put his finger to his
lips, then took my coke and poured some out and under the table poured some
whiskey into my coke bottle.
 He used a glass for his drink and I drank out of the coke bottle. That was the
first time I had whiskey, and even a little didn't take long to hit me.
 Everything he said was funny and I laughed at everything and then we danced
and he held me and I held him. It was a lot of fun and then I noticed what time
it was and told him that I had to get home soon.
 He grinned and said that I should call my mom and tell her that I was helping
him and that he would bring me home later safe and sound.

 Well, to make a long story short, I called my mother and told her that I was
working very late and that Bill would bring me home when he was done. It was
easy. Also my uncle Mark was at my house so I knew they would be in bed fucking
before long and they would never even know what time I came home.
 By the time I got back to the table and told Bill what my mother had said, he
had another coke fixed for me.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 11 -

 "Bill, did you mean it when you said before that I had a nice ass?"
 "The nicest!" he almost leered at me.
 "Well, when did you decide that?"
 "The first time I saw you bending over and getting some forms from under the
counter."
 I started laughing at his eyes. He pretended to be looking a long distance and
his eyes traveled up and down and then stopped as if he was really looking at
something. My ass I guess. Anyway it was funny.
 "Honey, are you ready?"
 "Ready for what?" I smiled at him. Flirting I suppose.
 "Ready to get out of here?"
 "Sure."
 "Let's go, bring your coke."
 It didn't take long to get into the truck and Bill gave me another boost up
and I wiggled my ass as he pushed on my butt.
 By the time he got around to the driver's seat, I had pulled my skirt up a
little to let him have a good look when he was driving. I guess the whiskey was
really working on me by then because I was not only horny but I was a little
dizzy and lightheaded and laughing and giggling too.
 I turned sideways and curled my legs up under me on the seat so that when he
climbed in the drivers seat he had a good look.
 After the engine was started and we were driving out Bill looked hard at me.
 "You have nice legs too."
 "Well so far you like my legs and my ass. What's wrong with my breasts?"
 "I don't see anything wrong with them, but I can't see them as well as I can
see your legs."
 "I bet. You can't see much of my legs now, just up to here is all."
 I smiled at him and pulled my skirt up higher flirting with him a lot. I
pulled it just high enough so that he could see that I was wearing pink panties
and then I pulled it down again.
 "Aww, you didn't have to cover it up so quick did you? I can't drive and look
at the same time because if I really look then I might wreck us."
 "Well if I keep it up too long you really will forget to look at the road!" I
giggled at him.
 "Tell you what, I know a place we can stop so I won't wreck the truck, and I
can look longer."
 I just giggled at him again, but I did pull my skirt up high enough so that he
kept sneaking little glances at me.

 It wasn't long before he pulled of on a private road to one of the out of town
ranches and we pulled into a area beneath some big trees off the little road
about a hundred feet or so. It was pretty dark when he turned off the lights
and we sat there with the engine making creaking noises.
 "Now, you can pull that skirt up again higher and let me judge if your legs
are as good as your ass is."
 I giggled, and pulled my skirt slowly up very high. It was dark in the cab of
the truck and Bill turned on the little light up high in the roof. He smiled at
me.
 "Gorgeous! And, I like the panties too!"
 "I should think you would!"
 "Well, I do. Now, come on in the back with me."
 He moved between the seats to the back, turned off the front light and turned

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 12 -

on one in the back. I went back with him and he took some of the heavy
furniture pads to use on the TV sets and layed them on the floor, sat down and
patted the pad beside him so I sat down too.
 He put his arm around me and drew me closer and kissed me very deeply. His
hand was carassing my back and then pretty soon onto my breasts too. He was
very gentle and kept squeezing my breasts until I was getting hotter and hotter
with both his kissing and his squeezing.
 I didn't object when he started to open my blouse and then he unsnapped my
brassiere in one quick flip at the back. It was then that I realized for sure
that he had surely done that many times before because he didn't fumble at all
with the catches just flipped and it came loose.
 He reached under my loose bra and started handling my breasts and I was so
very hot and horny that I reached down and felt between his legs. I was
surprised to find him soft down there.
 I kept massaging him and I could feel him grow a little but not much and I
wondered at the time why I didn't turn him on. Most of the boys that I had gone
out with were always hard when ever I felt between their legs. This was the
very first soft cock I had ever felt!
 I had watched my brother get into bed and start soft when he would masturbate
and I was pretending to be sleeping but I was really watching, but his cock
would get hard very quickly.
 I thought I could make him hard quicker if he felt between my legs so I opened
up more and reached down and pulled my skirt high. He was feeling me through my
panties and he still didn't get any harder so I asked him to pull my panties
down for me.
 He did and asked me to raise up while he got them over my hips and I did.

 He didn't even wait but he had his mouth on my pussy in a second and was
tongue fucking me until I could't help but cum. He just kept on and his tongue
was all over and in me too. I must have cum about four or five times and I was
laying back with him between my legs licking and kissing and sucking me until I
was wet from his kisses and my cum too.
 Finally he stuck his tongue so far up inside me that I screamed when I came
and it took a long time to get my breath back to normal. We just lay there then
with his arms around me and he help me for a while.
 Pretty soon I got even more curious and reached to find out that his cock was
still soft. Amazing!

 I had to get home so I told him that and I got dressed and he drove me to my
house. The lights were still on in my mother's bedroom and I got a bright idea.
 "Listen Bill, would you like to watch somebody fuck?"
 "Sure!"
 "Well can you be very quiet and sneak in my bedroom through the window and not
make any noise at all?"
 "Sure, I can do that."
 "Wait until I turn my bedroom light out and it's the one right there, then you
crawl on in the window."
 I kissed him and then ran for the back door, and sneaked into my room and
turned on the light. I stood at the window with the shade up and undressed -
for him watching me outside but I couldn't see him in the dark. When I was
naked I got a robe and put it on and then turned out the light and slid the
window open very quietly.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 13 -

 Bill came in like he promised and there wasn't even a bit of noise because he
had left his shoes off and was barefooted.
 I put my fingers to his lips so he would know to be very quiet and I opened up
my closet door and led him in after me. I put my eye to one of the holes and
had him look into the other one.
 My uncle Mark and my mom were really doing it and the lights were on for a
change. I guess they thought that since I was not at home that no one would
hear them or something because they were snorting and laughing and making all
kinds of noises while they played.
 My uncle was laying on his back and my mother was fucking him by sliding up
and down on his cock.
 She was facing the foot of the bed and directly at us watching her. We could
even see how wet his cock was as it kept appearing and disappearing up inside
her wet pussy.
 I reached out and found that Bill was still soft, so I opened his pants and
pulled his pants and shorts down and started to suck his soft cock for him.
 It did feel differently. Then it started to grow bigger in my mouth and I
could feel the swelling as he kept on looking in the hole in my closet watching
my mother fuck my uncle's cock.
 I used my fingers on his shaft to move the smooth soft skin back and forth
while I licked at the head and that helped a lot because I could start to feel
it pulse and jump in my mouth and it got a lot bigger and thicker very quickly.
It just kept right on growing!
 Pretty soon I had it almost all the way hard, not quite but almost! I could
still bend it back and forth but it was the biggest one so far that I had ever
had in my mouth and I went down the shaft as far as I could until I could feel
the knobby end almost into my throat and his belly was against my nose.
 I could still hear a lot of noise in my mother's bedroom and the bed springs
creaking and my mother moaning too. That helped to turn me on even more and
Bill too. When I touched his balls with my fingers I found they had drawn up
and were hard against the shaft of his cock so I knew he was getting ready to
cum.
 I moved my fingers faster and faster and really sucked hard on it with my
mouth very loose around it and a lot of saliva on it to make it very slippery
and my head was bobbing like crazy when I felt it kind of jump and then swell.
 The flood of cum didn't catch me by surprise at all because I knew he was
going to shoot. I just held my mouth very still and didn't even move my tongue
on him and let him shoot his cum into my mouth. I think he even groaned a
little bit but very quietly as he kept on spurting his cum.
 He got soft very quickly and then his cock shrunk back to the regular size.
 When I swallowed and then wiped my lips with the back of my hand and stood up,
he pulled me close and kissed me in a soul kiss. I had an orgasm when he did
that.
 Well, anyway, he sneaked out the window and I went to bed and my head was
still whirling a little bit from drinking the whiskey before.
 I wondered what was going to happen at the shop now that we had played with
each other.

The End of part 2, continued in part 3...





From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:44:46 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Honey 3 of 6
Message-ID: <6147cc$d2017.271@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 18:32:23 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 460

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

CHAPTER 3

 Well that started something for sure.
 By the time I got to Mr. Johnson's TV shop the next afternoon after school
Bill came in from the back and smiled at me.

 "Hey, how's it going?" He whispered to me.
 "Great, and you?"
 "Good, not as good as last night, but good."
 I giggled I guess and I probably blushed too. I used to blush a lot then
whenever I got embarrassed or excited either one.
 Anyway when he walked past me from then on, he would always pat my ass if
there wasn't any customers in the shop or if his dad was in the back room and
couldn't see him do it.
 I let him. I guess I encouraged him. I mean I did have a crush on him and it
was probably a case of puppy love then but it felt good and I liked it too.
 It is always flattering to a very young girl when an older man pays attention
to her. I classed Bill as an older and much more mature man than those boys
that I had gone out with before.
 I knew he was going out with Alice Peabody and they later got married and I
went to the wedding and reception and all, but at that time I was a little
jealous of her and him. Once when I kidded him about me having to kiss him
while he watched my mother fucking before he got hard he hurt me by saying
something.
 "What do you expect. I was with Alice all afternoon that day, and I was plumb
wore out."
 Well, that hurt. Here I thought he was reall horny for me and then I find out
later that he had been fucking his girlfriend all afternoon and then I had
sucked him off.
 No wonder he wasn't hard!
 Anyway, later I told him what I thought about that.
 He begged my pardon, and said he didn't really mean to hurt me when he said
what he said but he did say he liked me a lot, a real bunch and that I could
make his cock stiff any time I just walked around.
 I giggled at that one, and from then on when nobody was there I used to pull
my skirt up and wiggle my ass at him too. He would grab at the front of his
pants and pull his cock into a fistful of meat. It was was kind of like a
private signal between us. It got so that we would even take a chance with
customers in the shop when he would be out of the customers sight but I could
still see him. He would even slowly unzip his pants and take his cock out and
wave it at me. Ususally that would give me the giggles especially when I could
see him and the customer couldn't, but sometimes the tables were turned and his
dad would be in the back and I would pull my skirt up and my pants down far
enough to let him see my pussy with my finger rubbing my clit without Mr.
Johnson seeing that.
 And that is what got me into trouble.
 See, we had this big back room with TV's and testing equipment and wires all
over the work benches and it was a mess most of the time but sometimes I would
clean up in there for them.

 One afternoon on a Saturday I was cleaning up and Bill was working on a
console model in the corner and I moved over to where he was and turned around
and pulled up my dress for him to pat my ass. He did.
 A little later I went into the bathroom and took off my panties!
 When I went back into the workroom, and turned around and pulled my dress up
Bill could see that I was bare and didn't have any panties on and he was
reaching and touching me between the legs when a deep voice scared the hell out
of me!

 "What in the hell do you two think you are doing?"
 It was Mr. Johnson and he had been standing there and watching me pull my
skirt up and saw his son playing with my bare pussy.
 "You, get back to fixing that TV set. And you," he pointed his finger at me,
"You get your ass into the front right now. I want to see you working out
there."
 I was really scared to death!
 What if he told my mother on me?
 I cleaned up the counter and did the bills and everything I could think of and
I was on the verge of crying all the time.
 Later, about eight o'clock, Bill left in the truck to deliver some TV's and
Mr. Johnson came into the front and told me to sit.
 "Honey, I don't know what you think you were doing in there with Bill, but you
are sixteen and he is over twenty-one. He could get in big trouble with the law
for fooling around with a sixteen year old girl."
 "Mr. Johnson, I promise it will never happen again. We were just kidding
around." I was almost crying.
 "Do you know how much trouble we could get into if anyone ever found out that
you were back there with no pants on and your skirt up high and my son's
fingers in your pussy?"
 "Yes sir, I know and I would never tell anyone at all."
 "Will you promise never to tell anyone what happens to you in the shop here?"
 "Yes sir I will promise that."
 I was really scared but I could sense that he was not going to tell my mother
and that he might even be turned on by what he had seen. I thought I would take
a chance then.
 I moved in the chair and let my legs go open just a bit. Like about three or
four inches between my knees.
 "Mr. Johnson, just because I took my panties off in the bathroom and came into
the shop with no pants on it wasn't Bill's fault. You see, we were just kidding
each other and I thought that I would shock him. I was just bending over and
pulling my skirt up over my ass and he was looking at my pussy. I really don't
see anything wrong with a boy looking at a girl's pussy if she wants him to
look. He liked to look and I liked him to look too."
 He didn't say anything but his face was pretty red.
 When I looked down, his khaki wash pants were sticking out the front so I knew
he had a big hard on and I kept right on talking because now I knew that he was
all excited too. That started to excite me.
 "He had just reached out and touched me a little on my pussy which was getting
very wet and he didn't have his finger in it where it's tight or anything like
that, he was just touching on my curly hair and the pink slit too when you
yelled at us and scared the hell out of me."
 "I didn't mean to scare you Honey, It was just a shock. Did you like the way
Bill touched your pussy?"
 "Oh yes sir I did. It felt good. It feels good when someone touches my pussy
and it also feel good if I feel a hard cock too.
 I thought his buttons would bust at that one. I could even see his cock throb
under the khaki trousers.
 He moved closer to the chair I was sitting in and I let my legs go even wider
at that.
 He was standing over me with his khaki covered hard cock about even with my
face. I mean real close.

 "Do you like touching cocks?" His voice was deep and low and very quiet almost
like a whisper.
 "Yes, I do," I whispered back, "and I can see yours is hard there."
 I put my hand on his cock feeling it throb under the khaki.
 He just stood there stock still, so I started unbuttoning his pants. Hardest
thing I ever did. Those buttons were difficult to get unbuttoned but I did.
 I reached in and felt for the opening in his underwear. Do you know how hard
it is to bring a cock out of that little hole in the front of underwear? It
isn't all that easy!
 Anyway, I got him out in the open!
 He was a big man. About six feet and then some and had a lot of extra weight
in his chest. That wasn't the only place he had a bunch of extra weight!
 His cock was about eight or so inches long and very fat around.
 He had a lot of skin and it covered the whole head of it.
 I moved the skin and saw this thing that looked about the size of a beet and
about the same purple color come out. It was like it just slid out of this
heavy skin at the end and it was already all shining with a wet look.
 I looked up at him and his eyes were closed and he groaned when I started to
jerk on his cock. I pulled my skirt up and put a finger on my clit and started
to suck the end of his big cock. It was really a juicy one and it started to
run just as soon as I had it in my mouth. I kept moving it and moving it and
sticking my tongue all over it and sucking at the same time.
 Well, I guess he was pretty hot anyway from thinking about my naked ass and
pussy because before I was even ready he started cuming in my mouth, a lot of
cum.
 I mean he just kept on shooting and shooting and shooting.
 It was wild. Here I was sucking and swallowing like mad and he kept on filling
me up again. Finally he stopped spurting and pulled his cock out. He wiped it
on his fingers and tucked it away as soon as he could bend it again while I
watched him and kept right on rubbing my pussy.
 Well I guess you know that started a whole new ball game (pardon the
expression) for me at work. For one thing I got a raise in pay of fifteen
dollars a week and for another thing we bought a cute little sign that said
OPEN on one side and the other side said BACK IN 5 MINUTES and it hung on the
front door attached to a suction cup. You would be surprised how often I had to
turn that sign over to the 5 minute side and lock the front door too!

 Lots of times I would just get to work after school about four o'clock and I
would turn the sign and lock the door and suck off Mr. Johnson's big cock while
Bill watched and then if the door hadn't been knocked on or rattled then I
would suck Bill off while his father watched.
 I wouldn't let either of them fuck me because they both knew that I was a
virgin back then but they would play with my pussy and sometimes eat me too.
 Well, with all that sex, I was horny and hot all the time!
 Anyway, one afternoon I was talking to Bill and we mentioned the time he had
watched my Mom fuck and how hot he got then. I said that it always made me hot
to watch people fuck too. Pretty soon I asked him if there was a way I could
watch him fuck Alice.

 It seems that Mr. Johnson and Bill had converted a garage in back of their
house for Bill when he turned twenty-one and he had his own place where he
lived. He told me that he and Alice fucked there so I asked if there would be a
place to hide and watch him do that.
 Well pretty soon we were both giggling and laughing at that and he said that
there was a closet that I could hide in and watch if I wanted to the next night
which I remember was a Saturday.
 After the shop closed the next day I went with Bill in the truck to his place
and he dropped me about a half a block away and I came in through the back and
he was waiting at the open door to his place for me.
 It was a tiny little place and only had one room but the kitchen was at one
side and the bathroom at the other and besides the door in, there was only the
bathroom door and a closed closet door next to the bed.
 Bill showed me the couch and said that it became a bed when you pulled on two
places. It was the first couch bed I had ever seen.
 We fooled around with the closet door and found out that it could be left
partly open and I could see the whole bed from inside the darkness and Bill
said he would make sure all the lights were off except the light by his bed
when he and Alice got it on so that I would be in the shadows in the closet. He
got a stool and put it in the closet so I wouldn't have to stand all the time.
 Bill took a shower while I just fooled around and waited and then when she
knocked at about nine o'clock I rushed to the closet trying not to giggle and I
hid there.
 I couldn't see her then but it wasn't too long before they were kissing and
hugging on the couch and Bill put his hand on her blouse and then he started
playing under her skirt with her pussy and she was feeling the front of his
pants too.
 Well, it didn't take long before they got up and pulled on some straps on the
couch and it unfolded to make a bed that already had sheets and blankets and
everything but the pillows and those came from a place behind the couch.
 They were talking all the time and she was making moaning noises too while he
made her stand up and he undressed her. I know he was doing it so I could see
them and it was making me very excited. By that time I had my skirt up and I
hadn't worn panties because I knew what was going to happen and I was fingering
my pussy and watching and trying not to breathe too loudly.
 Anyway, Bill finally got all of Alice's clothes off and then he stood up and
she started to undress him.
 She had these gorgeous breasts with nipples that hardly even showed except for
a pink part on the tips and it all blended into her breasts instead of sticking
right out like mine always did. Her whole figure was terrific and she even had
dimples on her ass. It made me wish I had dimples there.
 Anyway, she was even more beautiful without clothes than with them.
 When she pulled Bill's shorts off he already had a big stiff one standing out
so I knew he was really hot. I also knew that one of the reasons he was so hot
was that he knew I was there in his closet and watching him about to fuck
Alice.
 He made her sit on the edge of the bed and lay back and he started sucking on
her pussy. All I could see was the back of his head bobbing around between her
thighs when he was eating her out. In a few minutes she was humping her ass up
and down and really moaning and he was licking her pussy like a crazy man.
 I knew when she came because she almost came up off the bed she was flopping
around so much. Then he lay on the bed and she started sucking on him. Well,
let me tell you I was pretty wet by then. I did notice that I was a lot better
cocksucker than she was, but I had had a lot of practice lately too.

 Her ass was up in the air as she was sucking on his cock and I could see right
into the crevasse. She had a pink anus and pink lips on her pussy that peeked
out of her bushy blonde brush between her thighs and the way her ass was moving
around her pussy kind of stuck out and looked like it was swelled open and I
could see a lot of pink inside her. Her pink anus made me wonder if Bill had
ever fucked her there and I tried to remember to ask him later.
 Anyway there I was in that dark closet, sitting on the stool with my heels
hooked into the bars and my fingers spreading and playing with my very wet
pussy and watching Bill and Alice getting ready to get it on.

 If you are reading this and either have your cock in your hand or your finger
in your pussy rubbing at the top, then you kind of know just how hot I was then
and that was a long time ago.
 Alice kept on sucking his cock and then Bill moved to kneel behind her and
moved her so that they were sideways from me and I could see a profile of them
fucking. Alice put her hand between her thighs and took hold of his cock and it
just slid right up her pussy just like that!
 They were making lots of noise and really fucking away and he was making long
lunges into her and holding her by the hips and she was fucking back her ass
onto his cock when I saw a movement at the window over the bed.

 It was Bill's mother looking in the window at them, not close to the window
you know, but far away enough not to be seen and stll close enough to watch her
son fucking Alice. All I could see was her head looking in at the edge of the
curtains but she stayed and watched so I stayed pretty still in the closet
because I didn't know for sure if she would be able to see me watching since
she was also in the dark outside and I was in the dark inside.
 Anyway, I was scared at first but when I realized she was just getting turned
on and she was a voyeur too then I didn't care anymore and I stopped worrying.
I mean after all what could she say.
 "I was sneaking up and watching my son Bill fucking his girlfriend Alice
through his bedroom window and probably playing with my pussy too when I saw
Honey watching them too from inside his closet?" I mean really now!
 Alice had her head turned away from the closet and laying on the pillow with
her back arched down and her butt arched up and Bill's cock was going in and
out and was all wet from fucking so I took a big chance and leaned forward on
the stool pretending that I hadn't seen Ms. Johnson standing outside the window
and I wasn't looking at her but at them.
 Well, her head really moved when she saw me. She stared and I still pretended
I hadn't seen her but I pulled my skirt higher and spread my legs more and made
exagerated motions of finger fucking my pussy so she couldn't help but see me
do it.
 Pretty soon her nose was almost pressed against the glass she was so close and
she didn't know whether to stare between my legs or at her son and Alice, so
she did both. I could see her head moving so I could tell she must have been
rubbing her pussy too while she was watching all of us.
 I tell you it was really very exciting. I mean there was Bill and Alice on the
bed fucking and me in the closet with my finger on my clit and Ms. Johnson
outside watching all of us.
 Well anyway, pretty soon Bill started snorting and huffing and Alice was
moving her ass so fast that there were ripples in her ass as the skin moved and
I had my finger in circles at my clit and Bill started to pull his cock out and
it sprayed all over Alice's butt and back in spurts of cum that stuck to her.
 She reached back and started rubbing it into her skin and even tasted it with
one finger too. It was pretty exciting for a while there and then Bill finally
got a towel from the bathroom and wiped what was left of his cum off of her.
 Well after the action all slowed down I saw Ms. Johnson leave the window and
then Bill and Alice dressed and kissed and she left. I stayed in the closet
until we heard her car leave then I came out. I had decided that I better not
tell Bill about his mom watching in the window at all. It wouldn't do any good
and it might cause some problems but I knew now that if I ever got caught
sucking Bill or his dad at the shop by Ms. Johnson that I would not get into
trouble since I knew she was a watcher too!
 Well, Bill took me home then and I will tell you that I must have masturbated
for hours before I went to sleep. You know how it is when you read or see
something very sexy and then go to bed. All you can think about is fucking and
sucking and stuff like that.
 I had looked in the closet holes but the lights were out so either they had
already fucked or something.

 Sunday my Uncle Mark was there for breakfast so I knew that he had spent the
night and I was kidding him and anyway he said that he had a surprise for me
later in the afternoon. It turned out to be a car and it was beautiful! He had
gotten a used car and had it waxed and polished and it was wonderful. It was a
black Ford and I loved it!
 We all went out for a drive and he started to teach me to drive it. In a few
weeks I had my license and everything.
 I guess I will never forget that car!
 That's where I got my cherry popped finally!
 I was seventeen then and maybe a few months more. I was going out with Gerald
Armstrong, a boy from my class and we had already done almost everything except
fuck. I mean he had played with my pussy and licked it and I had given him a
blow job a lot of times before he fucked me.
 I really wanted it.

 I don't think any girl ever forgets the guy she gave her cherry to and I will
remember Gerald for all of my life!
 We had driven to another bigger town in my car and were at a drive in theatre
and we got so hot we just left in the middle of the second show and drove until
we found a back road leading off the highway and parked.
 It wasn't very long until he was between my legs and his cock rubbing on my
pussy and he just pushed and it went almost all the way in.
 I have heard about it hurting the first time but it didn't with me hardly at
all. I just felt stuffed and then a little stinging and his cock was all the
way inside and we just layed there quiet and I felt how good it is to have a
hard cock in my pussy.
 Pretty soon we were humping away like mad and I came more than once when his
cock started to shoot deep in my pussy. I was a strange feeling and I felt the
cum in there and the spurting too along with the throbbing of his cock. It must
be the very best feeling in the whole world!
 We fucked once more in about an hour and then I drove him to his house and
went home. I even looked at myself in the mirror to see if I looked any
different but except for a lot of color in my cheeks I looked just the same as
when I had been a virgin.

 I used a hand mirror to look at my pussy too, but besides being a lot pinker
and almost red, it looked exactly the same too.

 The very next thing I did was to make an appointment with our family doctor
and go in for an examination and also to get him to prescribe birth control
pills! He was such a dear and was very matter of fact with me and wrote out the
prescription without me hardly having to ask him at all.
 So anyway, there I was after my period was over. On the pill and ready again
for sex and the knowledge that I was now safe just made me more excited.

 Gerald and I went together almost three months and then we had a fight about
something and then a lot more fights about nothing and anyway we broke up.
 He was very immature anyway and it got so that all we did was fuck and never
did anything else together. It was probably all for the best because we didn't
have all that much in common except for screwing.
 Not that I didn't like the screwing, I did! But you know how it is when you
are young and horny, all you want to do is fuck and we certainly did do a lot
of that.
 By the time summer came I was out of boyfriends!

 I used to let Bill fuck my pussy then because I liked him a lot but the
problem was that with Alice and me both screwing him he was plumb wore out all
the time. I knew about her but she didn't know that I was fucking him too.
 What Bill didn't know because I never told him was that I was also screwing
his dad when he was out with the truck making service calls and his dad would
flip the little sign over and then we would go into the back room and fuck.
There wasn't a bed or anything so I would just pull my panties down and put my
arms on one of the work benches and Mr. Johnson would stick his cock in from
behind and we'd fuck like that.
 Come to think of it, we never did screw face to face! He was a great one for
sliding his cock up and down my ass while I bent over the bench wiggling all
over then his cock would slide down a little bit and usually slip right in all
the way up to the hair on his stomach.
 It usually only took a few minutes if I sucked his cock for him first and I
would be hot and so would he and he would just slip his cock in and we'd be
fucking like crazy for a few minutes and he would start shooting my pussy full
of cum. He didn't ever last all that long but he made up for it in the amount
of cum he pumped into me. He was a real fountain!
 I mean when I sucked his cock for him and he started to cum in my mouth I
would just relax my lips and feel him spurt great big spurts time after time.
Even when he was done cumming his cock would drip out these little strings of
cum that was almost clear as water!
 I was walking around the shop all the time with sopping wet panties! It was
either my cum that made them wet before I got fucked or their cum leaking out
after. It got so that I didn't know what dry panties even felt like!
 One of the things then, and now of course that always turned me on was the
thought of watching someone else fuck.

 I still watched though in the closet when my mom would get fucked and rub my
pussy. One time I came home and found them on the couch naked and her sucking
this guy off right in our living room I just sat down in a chair in the living
room about five feet away and watched them.
 I didn't play with my pussy in front of him but as soon as he'd cum in her
mouth and he got dressed and left my mother and I had another big fight. I told
her that I didn't like to come home and find her sucking some man's cock in my
living room and she said that it was her living room and she would suck and
fuck whoever she wanted to and when I decided that I didn't like it either I
didn't have to watch or else I could move on out!
 Well, I got so mad that I just blurted out that if I wanted to watch her fuck
someone I didn't have to stay in the living room I could go and look in my
closet!
 It didn't take long for her to march into my room and look and find the holes.
Anyway, my mother started laughing then until she had tears in her eyes.
 "Honey, you little vixen. You've been watching me right along haven't you?"
 "Yes."
 "Well I hope you learned something! I have always loved watching someone make
love and now I find that my daughter has inherited my voyeur's love too."

 Well, before the night was over we talked for hours and shared all kinds of
things. She told me about how I really hadn't been helping around the house and
keeping my room clean and that I was now a woman and I had a mature woman's
responsibilities and I should act more grown up.
 It was one of the greatest nights of my life and I think I was closer to my
mother that night than ever before. She asked me if I were a virgin and I told
her. She didn't pry at all but she did treat me like an adult about it and said
that sex was one of the healthiest and best forms of play and love combined and
that even if love wasn't there that the sex was great!
 She started laughing about the tiny holes that I had made with the icepick so
long ago and said that I would ruin my eyes using them.
 "What did you want me to do, put in a picture window?" I giggled at her.
 "Hmmm, not a bad idea. Tomorrow morning we see about that!"
 Well, the next morning we had breakfast and then my mother and I looked at the
closet and then went out to the Art Supply on Fifth and got two picture frames
with glass and then stopped at the hardware store and told the man that we
wanted to cut a hole in the plaster for a passthrough in the kitchen. We didn't
tell him it was really a window to watch people fucking. He sold us a knife and
some spackling stuff and we bought us some screws and hinges and other hardware
too.
 It didn't take us long to get home and get the stuff we bought into the
bedroom.
 We took the clothes out of both closets and put them on the bed and then cut a
hole right through the closet wall just a little smaller than the pictures we'd
bought. We screwed the hinges on the frames to the wall after filling up the
crack with the spackling stuff.
 When we were done there was a picture frame on the back wall of each closet!
But no picture.
 Each picture frame was hinged and there was a black piece of cardboard inside
the wall. If you looked at the frame and the glass it looked like a mirror but
when either frame was swung out on the hinge you could see clearly through the
other glass into the other bedroom from either side.
 It looked perfect!
 We couldn't wait to try it out.

 "Honey, if I bring a man home tonight would you watch us and then tell me
tomorrow what you saw that you liked?"
 "Sure. That makes me excited to think about it. Why don't you just invite
Uncle Mark over for the night? I'd like that."
 My mother laughed. "OK Honey, I'll call him. I suppose you would like to join
us?"
 "Mother! He's my uncle!" I was indignant.
 "Not really Honey. Your father and uncle Mark are step brothers. You see, your
grandfather was married twice and his first wife was married before and had
Mark. You see there is actually no relationship between the two of you, or
between me and him either. I used to go with Mark before I met and married your
father."
 "I never knew that."
 "That is why I am telling you know. In case you should ever get a case of hot
pants you know now that he's not really your real uncle."
 "Maybe someday, but not tonight. Tonight I just want to watch and then tell
you tomorrow what I liked that I saw."
 Well, we laughed a lot and had a good time and my mother told me that since we
were now such good friends that I should start calling her Cindy like her
friends did, and not mother anymore.
 It is hard to change thinking about a name, but from then on I always did call
my mother Cindy.

The End of part 3, cont'd in part 4...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:44:53 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Honey 4 of 6
Message-ID: <6147cc$d232b.1f4@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 18:35:43 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 337

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Honey 4 of 6

 Well I had to go to work and I drove the car over there thinking about all the
looking I was going to do that night and when I got to the shop my panties were
already soaking just from thinking. Isn't it amazing how excited you can get
just thinking about sex? I mean like right now, here I am typing this and here
you are reading this and I bet we are both excited, right? And it sure feels
good doesn't it!!
 I worked until nine that night and then hurried home. The house lights were
all on so they were both still up and I knew mom was waiting for me to get home
before she started. While I was driving home I was thinking about Mark and now
I didn't think about him as my uncle anymore but just as a good friend. It took
a different way of thinking but at the same time I was getting horny and hot
thinking about how someday I was going to fuck him.
 Anyway, I was also thinking about teasing him now that I knew that he wasn't
really my uncle so when I came in and said hello to them I asked mom if I could
talk to her for a minute. We went to my room and I told her that if they would
just wait for a few minutes that I wanted to come out in my nightie and say
goodnight to them and that I wanted to see if Mark would look at me like a
woman instead of a child.
 My mother giggled at that and said that instead of my nightie that I could
borrow one of hers and she went to get it.
 It was beautiful.
 It was white satin and had lace at the neck cut very low with ribbons to tie
it together and it went all the way to the floor but it had a slit in the front
clear up to the ribbons too. The only thing that held it together was the
ribbons and a pair of snaps at the waist. Very sexy!
 You know what white satin looks like. It is silky looking and shines in the
light but it is pretty thin!
 You couldn't exactly see through it but almost could. I mean you could see my
nipples of course and the triangle of hair at my pussy if I moved to make the
material get close to my body but if the cloth was away from me then nothing
was visible.
 Mom also got a pair of black stockings and a white garter belt and I was very
excited trying all of it on while she went back into the living room.
 Well, it sure wasn't long before I was looking at myself in the mirror and I
knew I was going to wow him. I brushed my hair and let it hang down my back and
put on some lipstick and eyeshadow too. I looked about twenty at least.
 Then I retied the ribbons a little more loose and when I bent down in front of
the mirror I could look down and see my breasts hanging down!
 I turned around and looked at my ass in the mirror. Boy, you could see the
crack in my ass all the way from my waist down to where my butt curved into my
thighs. If I moved and my ass quivered, the nightie quivered too!
 Well when I walked out I practically glided. I mean I was so smooth and fluid
when I walked that my breasts hardly even moved very much under the satin but
just a little, you know?
 I almost waltzed into the living room!
 I thought Marks eyes would pop!
 I sat across from the two of them on the couch and crossed my legs and sure
enough the satin slipped and went all the way down the slit. My black stocking
showed right up to the top and a little of me showed there too. I slowly moved
my hand and gathered up the bottom and moved it over my knees. You should have
seen his eyes just eating me up.
 My mom asked if I wanted some hot chocolate and I said that I did but that I
would fix it and Mark said he'd like some too so my mother had a glass of wine
and I went to fix two cups of hot chocolate.
 While the milk was getting ready to boil Mark came into the kitchen and talked
to me.
 "You know Honey, you really are growing up now!"
 "Well, I am seventeen and in some countries I would probably be married and
have some kids by now."
 "If you dressed like that when you went to bed with your husband you'd
probably have a lot of kids by now!"
 I giggled at him and turned to face him with my nipples and breasts against
the satin. I shook my shoulders a little so that my breasts would quiver for
him.
 "Does that mean that you like my nightie?"
 "I love your nightie!"
 I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him right there. Just when his
hands were creeping over my butt the milk boiled and almost boiled over so we
had to stop but I had felt that he was hard against me when I let him go.
 I took the two mugs of hot chocolate with us and we sat like before except
Mark was on the other end of the couch right where he was directly opposite me,
so when I gave him his chocolate mug I bent over and my bodice fell away enough
so he could see all the way and look at my breasts.
 And, he sure did!
 When I sat down I let the front of my nightie fall open at the legs and I
didn't even try to cover myself up at all. I knew Mark could see almost
everything maybe except my pussy but he sure could see a lot of my legs. Mom
winked at me and I winked back.
 Mark quite obviously had a hard on. And the way his eyes were almost eating my
pussy out it sure wasn't getting any smaller!
 Anyway after playing and teasing until I finished my chocolate I yawned and
stretched and said that I was really sleepy now and that I was going to bed.
When I kissed Mark I am almost sure that I felt his tongue just barely touching
my lips!
 As soon as I was in my room with the door closed I turned off all my lights
and undressed and opened the frame on my side of the closet and took out the
black cardboard. The room was still empty and dark so I put on a robe and went
into the bathroom and when I came back out and looked again they were getting
undressed.

 Mark almost ruined my whole evening when he carefully hung his shirt and pants
on a hanger and put then on the closet bar. They hung right in front of the
frame on that side and I couldn't see anything!
 I didn't know what to do. I couldn't reach though the wall and move them
because I might be seen. I finally went into the living room and looked around.
Sure enough mom's shoes were there by the couch so I took them and tapped on
their bedroom door.
 Mom opened the door and kind of hid behind it and I gave her the shoes and
whispered to her.
 "Mark's clothes are hanging in the closet so I can't see a thing!"
 Cindy giggled and nodded and closed the door.
 I grabbed a stool from the kitchen breakfast bar and headed back to my room
and sure enough now I could see everything and my mom had left both bedside
lights on too.
 Well let me tell you that was an exciting evening for sure. Since mom knew I
was watching them she kept doing outrageous things and made sure that I could
see everything too. I mean that they sucked each other and licked at everything
and fucked in several different positions and everything while I kept my pussy
busy with my fingers.
 Once she was crouched over him and he had her sitting almost on his face
licking her pussy and she was leaning down and pulling on his cock and each
time she would squeeze it until it turned red at the end and really swelled up
and she got some juice to ooze out, she would hold it and look at me looking
throught our frames and wink at me.
 Anyway, it was pretty hot stuff and I was steaming I can tell you!
 By the time they were done and turned off the lights I was so hot that I
couldn't stand it. I went to the living room and dialed Bill and whispered into
the phone.

 "Are you alone?"
 "No, who did you want to talk to?"
 I understood that Alice was there and he didn't want her to know it was me
calling and was playing like it was a wrong number.
 "Have you fucked her yet?"
 "No, and I don't know who you want to talk to but I am about to go to bed
now."
 "Would you like me to stand outside your window and watch you stick your big
cock up her pussy?"
 "Yes I would."
 "Wait about ten minutes because I am driving over to watch you through the
window."
 "Fine, you do that. Nobody here by that name."
 He hung up.

 I put on a pair of jeans and a shirt and got my bag and keys and slipped out
of the house and drove over to Bill's place in a hurry.
 I parked the car on the next street and went in the back way. I was walking to
the window of his place to look when I was startled by seeing a movement in
front of his window. It was Ms. Johnson again watching her son fuck Alice!
 I stood under a tree in the shadows and watched her. She had one hand inside
her skirt and was very close to the window watching. I stood for a while and
then got very brave.
 "Pardon me Ms. Johnson, could you move over so I could see too?"
 She almost jumped out of her skin when I whispered that from right behind her.
She just looked at me for a minute at least and then she slowly moved over and
nodded at me to stand and watch too.
 I didn't make any bones about unbuttoning my jeans and sticking my fingers on
my pussy while I was looking in and watching Bill suck Alice's pussy and when I
looked over at Ms. Johnson she had her jeans unbuttoned too. I leaned closer to
her and whispered to her.
 "Sure does make a person horney doesn't it?"
 "Sure does!" I could hear the smile in her voice.
 Pretty soon Bill mounted Alice who lay with her legs in the air while he
pumped his cock into her very visible and very wet pussy while we watched and
played with our pussies.
 I know it must have lasted an hour or so but the time passed by quickly since
we were having fun.
 When Bill threw his head back and obviously creamed into Alice's pussy, I saw
Ms. Johnson shudder and I knew that she had cum too just watching and playing
with herself. It wasn't long before the light went out and we backed quickly
away from the window so we wouldn't be seen.
 "Honey, you want a cup of coffee?"
 "I have a better idea, let's jump in my car and go get something to eat, I am
so hungry. How about you, are you hungry too?"
 "Well, I could eat. I am hungry now, but not necessarily for food!" and she
laughed a deep throaty chuckle.
 We got in my car and drove to the only place that was open all night in town.
Seated in a booth in the back we were almost whispering to each other to make
sure we wouldn't be overheard even though it was after one am and there was
hardly anyone in the place at all.
 "How come you drove over to see my son?"
 "Just lonely and I wanted someone to talk to and I parked and saw someone
peeking in the window and that's when I whispered to you."
 "Well you gave me quite a start I'll tell you. You really scared the hell out
of me!"
 I started giggling at that. Thinking about her hand in her panties when I
snuck up behind her and whispered what I did. Pretty soon we were both giggling
and talking about our conduct watching with our hands in our panties.
 I had a cheeseburger and fries and she had a cup of coffee. Well we got to be
pretty good friends since we both shared the same enjoyment of watching and
were both voyeurs together.
 "You know, Al is so much happier now and so am I since you took over my place
in the shop. We were getting so we fought all the time because we were together
both during the day at work and also at night at home. Since you've been there
he comes home with a smile on his face and he is pleasant to have around again
and we are getting along fine.

 I didn't tell her that it was probably because I was sucking his cock off
almost every day!
 "Pardon me for asking, but don't you and Mr. Johnson make love enough to suit
you?"
 "Oh, well, most of the time he is great, but we have been married now for
twenty-six years and you know, sometimes I like a little more than I get at
home. Besides, it's a lot more exciting with someone new you know. With the
same person all the time you get stale and you always know what the other
person is going to do. I guess that's why I was out there watching tonight.
Just to see something new."
 "I guess it isn't easy fucking the same person all the time is it?" I asked
her.
 "Nope, it's not easy, but it's fun!" she giggled again and so did I.
 "Well, you ought to take a lover." I told her.
 "What makes you think I haven't?" Her eyebrows went up.
 "Have you? Tell me about it."
 "I suppose I can trust you not to tell Bill or Al can't I?"
 "Sure, cross my heart. I won't tell anyone at all."
 "Well, I met this guy once that sells real estate and we got to talking and
had some laughs one afternoon and he took me to look at houses and anyway we
started being lovers."
 "That's great!"
 "It sure is. He keeps calling me up and taking me to see houses that are for
sale or something and we make love and he brings me back home or else we make
love in his car. I won't do it at the house because if Al ever came home and
caught me it would be terrible."
 I didn't tell her that I had her husband's cock in my mouth or my pussy almost
every day of the week, not to mention her son's cock too. See, I was getting it
almost twice a day then and it still didn't cool me off it just made me more
horny all the time.
 "We'd better get out of here. If Al wakes up and finds me gone he would be
worried about me. Listen, I will call the shop sometime and we can go and have
lunch or something and talk again. I really did enjoy talking to you Honey. You
are the first person I could tell this stuff to. You know you are quite grown
up for your age. I think under the circumstances, you and I both fingers having
fun and watching at the same time, I think you ought to call me Anita instead
of Ms. Johnson, don't you?"
 I was really pleased to hear her say that and we paid the bill and left.
 We drove to her house and I let her off in front and then I drove home. My
head was whirling I tell you! Lots had happened in only one day to me. When I
undressed and climbed into bed my head was still whirling around.
 But I had made a new friend in Anita.

 Anita did call me at the shop the next week or so and we talked kind of
guardedly on the phone because I didn't and she didn't want her son or her
husband to know about our phone calls.
 She started calling almost every evening then and she would tell me about what
she had been doing that day and sometimes she would tell me that she had seen
her Real Estate lover that day and would tell me on the phone what they had
done in some very descriptive language!

 Once when Bill was out on a call and Mr. Johnson and I were there alone he
locked the front door while I was talking to Anita about what she had done with
her lover in the bedroom of a house that he was trying to sell and Mr. Johnson
turned out the lights on me even though he could see that I was on the phone to
somebody.
 He knew that I talked to my boyfriends on the phone and he didn't care if I
did that during business hours.
 The next thing I know, he was running his hands up under my skirt while I was
leaning on the counter and he had his head under my skirt and was licking the
backs of my thighs, all while I was hearing all about his wife fucking her
lover's brains out. I know he thought that I was talking to one of my
boyfriends!
 I mean it was really wild with his wet tongue painting circles on the back of
my legs and then his hands coming up under my skirt too and pulling down my
rayon panties. Very sexy stuff you know?
 When he had my ass bare, he started licking my crack from almost the middle of
my back down and then when he got to the hairy part his tongue would tickle my
pussy.
 I put one finger on my clit and as soon as I did, I came really hard.
 Anita wanted to know if I was coughing when I came, and I said yes that I had
something in my throat but it was really in my pussy.
 She started to tell me more about her date that day and her husband stood and
slid his super hard cock up inside me and I leaned over a little more and he
was fucking me while I was talking on the phone to his wife!
 That was some phone call!
 When he came in me and then finally pulled his cock out I was so wet that I
put my fingers on my pussy and just felt it drip with my legs apart right down
onto the floor until there was this little puddle of his cum right there
between my legs on the cement.
 I told Anita that her husband was in the back room working on a set and that I
was playing with my pussy while I was talking to her. I didn't tell her that my
pussy was so slippery and wet because her husband had eaten it and then shot a
big load of cum inside me but I did tell her how slippery I was listening to
her talk about her date.
 She sure got to breathing funny then and I knew she was playing with herself
too while I was and I think both of us came at about the same time. I could
almost visualize it.
 It really was exciting to me.

 Well, just before school started and I think it was about August Anita called
me one day and said that there was going to be a conference or a symposium or
something like that in Dallas for small business's that had to do with TV and
electronics and that her husband and Bill had to stay and take care of the shop
but if my mother would let me go that I could go with her and the shop would
pay all expenses for us.
 My mother not only said yes but we went shopping for clothes for me and got a
suitcase and an overnight cosmetics case with plastic bottles for shampoo and
things and I really did like the clothes and the other stuff we bought too. We
spent over three hundred dollars then which was a lot of clothes!
 Anita told me that we were going to paint the town pink when we got there
because it was the first time she was free to do what she wanted and she wanted
to live it up!

 A couple of days later we were on our way driving to Dallas which was about a
nine hour drive from Midland. I was so excited about the trip and we really let
our hair down and we talked solid the whole nine hours until we got to the
hotel in Dallas. We only stopped for gas and food and we really burned the road
up.

 The hotel was a fancy big one that the convention was going to be in and we
had to sign into the convention and get name badges and then get our room. We
had a gorgeous room with it's own bathroom and tub and shower and two big beds.
It was the first hotel I ever stayed at and it was the first time I had really
been out of Midland Texas.
 We each took a shower and then put our makeup on. There was this great big
mirror in the bathroom that covered the whole wall over the two washbasins. It
really was luxuriant!
 I put out my new miniskirt and panty hose and a pair of new bikini panties
that had lace at the edges and a white blouse that had a long piece in front to
tie into a kind of sailors bow at the front and I decided not to wear a
brassiere which was really daring then!
 Anita wore a kind of business suit that was cut very tightly and was oyster
white and a cream colored blouse to go with it. By the time we were ready in
our heels we looked great!
 Well, the first night there was a cocktail party and most of the members that
were there for the convention were men and there weren't any women that weren't
with their husbands except us so it sure didn't take long for everyone there to
know that we were there!
 Anyway, I had a couple of highballs and we talked to a lot of people and then
we were really tired and went up and went to bed after taking showers. It felt
funny to be in a room with a naked woman even though my sister used to walk
around naked in our room at home but I got used to it before the night was over
and I was walking around naked as a jay bird too.

The End of part 4, cont'd in part 5...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:45:03 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Honey 5 of 6
Message-ID: <6147cc$d252a.2e@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 18:37:42 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 475

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Honey 5 of 6

Anita had a good figure, a little plump but not overweight if you know what I
mean. The extra padding was a lot in her chest and she was busty for sure!
 Her hips and ass were more of a mature woman than a girl but all in all she
looked pretty darn good and I knew from the looks that we both gotten
downstairs at the cocktail get to gether that we made a pretty good pair. I was
still pretty slim then but my figure was great.
 "Anita, how old are you?"
 "Thirty-nine, why?"
 "I was just wondering. I knew that your son was twenty-two and I was just
wondering."
 She laughed at me, "I got married at sixteen if that's what you were
wondering. When I was your age I already had my baby."
 We chatted while looked closer at her. Thirty-nine she was but she looked
great. Dark brown hair and eyes and tan smooth skin that glowed with health.
Her body was like I said a little extra padding but it did look good on her. I
could see some tiny stretch marks on her tummy from having a child but the rest
of her body was superb! I only hoped that I looked that good when I was her
age.
 She had dimples in her ass! One on each cheek!
 Now don't get me wrong. I admired her figure but I wasn't at all turned on. I
am a man's woman and I don't go for the female to female loving at all. Oh, I

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 29 -

can admire a good figure and understand the attraction to another man, but it
is just that I don't get excited at a nude woman like I do a for a man.
 "Listen Honey, while we are here if anyone asks you how old you are, tell them
that you're nineteen. That way you can legally have a drink and maybe some fun
here too and not have any problems if you understand what I'm saying."
 "Sure Anita, I certainly do. Besides, I feel more like nineteen than seventeen
anyway."
 Well, we slept that night and next morning had breakfast and then looked over
the programs that were going to be for the conference of small businessmen.
There were different rooms assigned with different topics of conversation and
lectures and they ran almost all day. Everything from Income Tax and the Small
Business Man to Obtaining Bank Loans. There sure were a lot of conferences
offered. Anita picked out a few she wanted to attend and I found one that
looked interesting.

 Labor Management Relations.
 Now there was something I knew a lot about!
 I had been having sexual relations between labor and management for a long
time now! I wondered how many other business owners were fucking the help and I
wanted to attend that lecture for sure.
 We parted after our breakfast and I wore my miniskirt and a long sleeved
blouse with a big blue bow at the neck and found the room that the lecture was
in and sat right down in the front row. The rooms weren't very big and there
was only about a dozen or so chairs and a platform thing for the speaker to
stand at. They had coffee and soft drinks that were free so I had a cup of
coffee and felt very grown up drinking coffee as I took my seat.
 When the lecture started I was the only lady there and we all had to stand and
introduce ourselves to the rest of the people attending. I was a little nervous
but my voice didn't shake and I smiled at everyone there.
 Well, can you imagine! The lecture didn't have anything at all about sex but
instead was about hiring and fireing and how to keep good employees with out
paying them anything but just telling them all the time that they were wanted
and needed. I never heard such b.s. in my life!
 I got so bored that I started squirming around on the chair and I saw the
speaker looking at my legs. Ha ha!
 Fun after all.
 I had stockings on and high heels too so I just started to tease him with my
knees. First I would move sideways and cross my legs, and then move one foot up
and down and even let one shoe hang from my toe, then I would uncross my legs.
 Every time I moved them his eyes would look.
 Well, after a while I got him so he was forgetting what came next in his
talking. Once I even moved and crossed and uncrossed my legs and he stopped
talking altogether!
 I got up to get another cup of coffee and the whole room watched me while I
poured, added cream and sugar and stirred my coffee cup. Nobody talked until I
was back and sitting down in my chair and I knew that they were all looking at
me all the time so I wiggled a lot for them.
 I thought about bending over and letting them see my ass, so I put my coffee
cup down on the seat of my chair and bent to get my handbag. My skirt rode up
in the back and I knew they could see my panties because I could hear a lot of
men taking a deep breath and one groan too.
 Anyway, that was so much of a bore that I didn't go back after lunch but I

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 30 -

went out of the Hotel and wandered around and looked at the city of Dallas. I
was back into the hotel and I took a nap until Anita came in from her meetings
and woke me up when she opened the door.

 After I was awake we started discussing our evening plans.
 Anita said that we would be heading out to dinner and a few drinks and see if
we could have a little fun too so we got showered and made up and talked about
what we were going to wear to dinner. She said we were going to go to a real
nice place so to doll up.
 I couldn't believe the brassiere she had. It was only a half cup and just
pushed her breasts up and out but there wasn't a thing over the top at all and
more than half of her nipples showed.
 When she put on a black sheath with a tight cinch belt and a low scoop neck
her breasts really did stick out and she showed me how they moved when she
laughed.
 "I intend to do a lot of laughing tonight!" She giggled and her breasts shook!
"If I laugh a lot we may not even have to buy dinner. We ought to be able to
get one of these oil rich Dallas men to buy our dinner.
 I was scandalized! I mean she was talking like she was going to get someone
she didn't even know to pay for our dinner!
 "You mean you are going to get some man you don't know to buy us dinner?"
 "And drinks."
 "Dinner and drinks too?"
 "Sure, it will probably be the cheapest piece of ass he ever got!"
 "Listen Honey, they are lonely, we don't know anyone here except for some of
those guys we saw at the meetings today and I want to go and have a good time
tonight and if I find someone I like I intend to get layed! Now if he has to
buy me dinner and drinks so he finds out that I want to get layed then what's
the harm in that?
 I couldn't help it, I started giggling at the thought of her getting dinner
and drinks and trading them for a bedtime romp.
 Anyway, I wore my other mini-skirt, the tan one, with a brown blouse and shoes
and a wide Texas belt at the waist and took along my brown steerhide handbag.
 We caught a cab after Anita talked to the Desk Clerk about places to go in
Dallas. She called them watering holes and he told her about two or three of
them and where they were.
 We caught a cab and on the way Anita told me that we would sit at the bar and
just have a drink or two and then if we didn't like the place we could go to
another one.
 Well, we never left the first one!
 When we got there it was three deep at the bar and Anita just pushed her way
right in with me beside her.
 "Pardon me, is there a place here for a couple of fillies to sit at the bar?"
 Well they parted for us like Moses parted the Red Sea! In about a minute we
were sitting on two bar stools, surrounded by men wearing string ties and
western suits with piping on the lapels and big hats and had about three drinks
each piled in front of us on the bar. They were the most friendly men I ever
saw. In fact I liked Dallas so much because of the friendly people there that I
moved there to live later on.
 But I am getting ahead of my story.
 Well, I fell in love right away. There was this very handsome man in a
beautifully tailored western suit and rattlesnake boots on that was tanned from

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 31 -

the sun and had the cutest pair of buns I ever saw. He got pushed up against me
and he said howdy to me and smiled. He had blue eyes and sandy hair and just
looked lovely!
 We got to talking and Anita was flirting with two of the guys near her on the
other side and so I got to flirting with my man too.
 We traded names and his was Jim something or other, I don't remember now what
it was. I knew he was into oil or cattle or something like that because of the
expensive clothes. I kind of hated to tell him I was from a hick town like
Midland but I did.
 I told him we were there for a convention and introduced Anita to him and she
introduced Andy to me which was the guy she liked best of the dozen or so who
were trying to look down her scoop necked dress.
 Well we kind of shut the others out and they lost interest but Andy and Jim
and Anita and I had a good time talking together and laughing at the jokes the
men told. The jokes got rougher all the time but they were funny.
 I kind of wished I had a scoop necked dress too, I am not as big as Anita
there, but I ain't no slouch either!
 I decided to buy one when I could.
 Jim was standing right by me and I crossed my legs. My knee pushed at the
front of his tailored trousers and sure enough it didn't take very long to see
his outline under the tight cloth.
 You have to remember that where I grew up that men wore Levi's and a white
shirt and cowboy boots. It was a real western town with real western men and
this was the first time I had seen tailored western clothes. I really did like
them but I guess that any Texas girl would. I especially liked the way that his
pants fit so tight that I could rub my knee on his cock and make it hard right
there at the bar, so I crossed and uncrossed and crossed my legs about a dozen
times.
 I was just warming up to my task when Anita interupted all my fun.
 "Hey, Honey, are you about ready to go and get something to eat?"
 Before I could say anything both guys were explaining that we could all eat
right here that there was a fantastic restaurant right here and that we
couldn't get any better food in Dallas and that they insisted that we join them
for dinner and they were not going to take no for an answer.
 Chalk one up for our side!
 Well, Anita said that we had to go to the powder room first but if they really
insisted....
 We got a table and then we excused ourselves and in the ladies room Anita said
that she was satisfied with Andy if I liked Jim then lets have dinner and
whatever..
 I agreed and we returned to have a scrumptious dinner and a desert that they
poured something on and lit it on fire!
 Andy had a car that was only about a block long and we piled into it and went
dancing someplace in the top of a building and we could see the lights all over
the city and we had a few more drinks and I danced with both Andy and Jim and
so did Anita and Jim was being very careful to feel my ass and I let him while
we danced and I was getting so drunk that I was about to offer to kneel down on
the dance floor and suck him off when Anita and Andy bumped into us when they
were dancing.
 I nearly fell and when Jim caught me and we started to go back to the table
the drinks hit me like the ton of bricks and I started to get dizzy and the
room was going all around.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 32 -

 Anita took me to the powder room and I threw up and I was so embarrased and
sick.
 Anyway, they took us back to the hotel and said goodnight and not to worry and
we would have dinner with them tomorrow night again and I said ok and tried not
to throw up again.
 I was so sick.
 When I got into bed Anita made me get back out and undress but by the time I
did I was sick again and then I went to bed and slept until morning.

 My head hurt, my eyes hurt and I was miserable the next morning. Anita sent
down for room service and got me a drink of something that fizzed and I felt
better.
 By that night I felt fine and I was really looking forward to meeting Jim
again but I was not going to drink at all!!
 Besides, I wanted to get layed and Anita said she wanted to too.
 "Honey, are you on the pill?"
 "I sure am."
 "I'm glad of that. I wouldn't want to take you back home to Midland if you
were pregnant!"
 "Don't worry, you won't."
 I didn't tell her that her husband or son could have gotten me pregnant if I
hadn't been on the pill. She might not have cared, but then again she might
have.
 Anyway, Andy's long car picked us up and we went to a quiet little place and
had dinner and then went to Andy's house for some drinks after. Actually we
both knew we were really going to get fucked but it sounded better to say we
were going to have a nightcap.
 Jim and I were in the back and Anita was with Andy in the front and we were
all fooling around in the car and Jim kept on kissing me and I kept on kisssing
him back and he felt my breasts and then put his hand on my thigh and was
fooling around there and I was about to push his hand up higher when we got to
Andy's place.
 Whew! Big! He really had a big place right outside of Dallas and we saw lots
of cattle and this big house and the door was opened by a lady in a grey
uniform that Andy said was his housekeeper but she probably warmed his bed too.
She was very pretty and was also very nice to us, smiling and leading us into a
room with a fire.
 Jim and I sat side by side, his arm around me while Andy and Anita were across
from us.
 "What would you like to drink?" Andy asked us.
 I tried a drink that had cream and some sort of coffee kind of liqueur in a
tiny glass that was delicious while the others had various kinds of drinks and
I wasn't paying that much attention to what they drank, I was paying attention
to the swelling in Jim's lap.
 Well, it didn't take long before we were all climbing the stairs to the second
floor and saying goodnight to each other with Jim and I paired and Anita and
Andy closing the doorway to the bedroom across the hall.
 As soon as the door was closed I put my arms out for a kiss and was swept into
his arms, his hands roaming all over me and then cupping my bottom under my
mini-skirt and squeezing and feeling while I was moving against him testing the
strength of the lump I could feel against my belly. Oh, he was hard alright!
 Well anyway, it didn't take long before we were laying on the bed kissing and

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 33 -

his fingers were as busy as mine were undressing each other until we were both
naked and panting like crazy with the desire to make it with each other.
 His face got into my thighs before I had a chance to do the same to him and I
could feel his tongue slipping all over my pussy making it even wetter and more
slippery outside than it already was inside.
 Of course I came when he started to wiggle his hot tongue inside me! But then
I wanted to taste him too and let him feel how good it is to have someone use a
tongue on your private sexual parts too.
 I didn't want him to cum in my mouth you understand, I didn't want him to cum
anywhere but between my legs but I did lick him all over his cock and balls too
for long enough to make his hips start surging up off the bed and trying to get
his cock deeper into my mouth but I stopped in time.
 I climbed on him then and his cock slid right between my legs like it belonged
there, which it did!
 I kept on rocking on his cock while he played with my breasts and I even moved
my finger to my clit and rubbed it gently while he kept moving his cock in and
out of my pussy while I was riding him.
 I reached around behind and took ahold of his balls. They were all tight and
round and drawn up against his cock so I knew that he was about to shoot and I
started rocking faster and faster on it.
 Well, when he came, so did I and let me tell you something, there is nothing
better than two people having their orgasms at exactly the same time with each
other!
 I kind of collapsed and he kept stroking my back and kissing my neck while we
just layed there, happy.

 Well, Jim and I just layed there for a while and then I started to get horny
again even though his cock had shrunk all up and slipped out of between my
thighs.
 I knew what to do about that, and I did.
 A litle squirming around on top of him and then dragging my breasts across his
face and over his chest and he was getting interested again for sure.
 I moved on down and kissed my way to his cock, all down his chest and belly
and then started to kiss his balls and worked my way up to the end of his cock.
He wasn't hard yet but it was a very respectable soft on anyway.
 I put him in my mouth and just let him soak in there, my tongue moving over
the little cleft and worrying the skin around and kind of softly sucking too.
You know it sure doesn't take long like that if you do it right and don't get
in any big hurry. Slow and easy and gently with a lot of saliva and moisture
and I don't care how tired they are, they cum right to attention. And he did!
 Well this time he wanted to slide it in me from behind and since I did that
all the time at the shop with Anita's husband I liked it that way too. I could
always look down and see it going into my pussy and that is a real turn on too.
The best part is that I can lay my head down but keep my ass right up there
waving around and it doesn't take much energy and I can just keep cuming all
night long like that.
 He rubbed his cock over my ass and then up and down my pussy and as wet and
slippery as I was from his cum his cock went all the way inside me.
 I was looking down between my breasts at my pussy watching his cock go in and
as it did I guess there was not enough room for his cum from before because it

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 34 -

started leaking out of me every time he stroked his cock in and out.
 The liguid would run to the outside of me and drip right out beween my thighs.
I could see it drooling. Not a lot you understand but some.
 He was holding my hips and I was really waving my ass around and it did take a
long time for him since he'd already cum once that night, but after I had
started yelling and moaning and cumming all the time he started going very fast
and pumping up my pussy and he came again too.
 I have always been pretty noisy when I am really turned on and I wondered
later if I had let everyone in the house know how much I liked being fucked by
all my noise.

 Anyway we just layed there with the sweat drying on our bodies and we talked
to each other for a long time.
 That's when I found out that he wasn't into cattle or oil. I had figured that
since he was so brown from the sun that he was on a horse or maybe on an oil
rig most of the time, but I found out that he was a accountant.
 An accountant!
 Here I was figuring that he was an outside man and worked outdoors and then I
found out that I was right after all. He didn't stay in a stuffy office at all
but he advised the cattle and oil people about borrowing money and how to save
money on oil depletion allowances and how the people that raised grass fed beef
how to make transfers to feed lots and stuff like that.
 He explained it all about how being able to find money was a very special
occupation and that he did spend most of his time out looking in the sun for
ways to invest money that would be good for everyone and he got some of it too
because of his occupation.
 I knew he wasn't up to doing any more fucking so we finally got dressed and
went right into the room across the hallway and there Anita and Andy were still
humping so we watched a few minutes and then went downstairs again.
 When we went back up later they were asleep so we woke them up and later Andy
drove us back to our hotel.
 We all kissed each other good night but Anita told Andy we were going to be
doing some night things at the convention from now on so we wouldn't be able to
see them again but next time we came to Dallas we would call them first.
 I think they were dissapointed but I guess it worked out for the best.

 I took a long slow hot shower and washed my hair and wrapped a towel around my
head. Anita was still awake and she took a shower then and when she finished we
got into our own beds and just talked for a while and told each other
everything that we had done to the guys and what they had done to us.
 I started getting horny again listening to her tell about Andy eating her out
and all and my finger was under the covers and just touching my pussy while I
listened to Anita talk.
 "Are you hungry?" Anita asked me.
 "I sure am!"
 The clock said after one when Anita jumped up and got the phone and dialed
room service.
 She ordered breakfast for two with three eggs and toast and sausage and coffee
and jam and potatoes too.
 It sounded good to me and I put on a towel around my body and tucked it into a
fold over my breasts and so did Anita do the same.
 When the knock came we were hungry as hell and starting to wake up again.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 35 -

Hell, we didn't have to attend any meetings if we didn't want to and could
sleep all day so as long as we were awake we might as well have fun, you know?
 It is strange though, the more cock I get the more that I want. I had been
getting a lot between my boyfriend of the moment and Anita's husband and her
son too so I guess my quota was pretty high at that time of my life.
 The waiter brought a table in on wheels and poured out our coffee and served
us from some stainless steel covered dishes and tried not to notice that we
were only wearing towels but his cock noticed and I noticed he noticed.
 He was wearing this dark red pair of trousers and a real short white jacket
and he was very polite to us but his cock was sticking up the front of his
pants too.
 "Are there many waiters working this early in the morning?" Anita asked him,
and I knew from the way her eyes looked that she had seen his cock too.
 "No ma'am, just four of us. Not too many people want to eat at this time of
the morning."
 "Are any of the others as cute as you are in the kitchen?"
 He almost blushed at that one, but Anita moved so her towel almost fell off
and she had to refold it over her breasts and I think he forgot the question.
 "Are there?" I asked him.
 "I don't know, I think so."
 We were eating pretty fast now, and I dropped a forkfull of egg in my lap and
pulled the towel up and he was nice enough to use a spare napkin to wipe it off
my towel. His aim wasn't too good though and he missed most of the egg but he
got right between my thighs a few swipes of the napkin. That didn't do anything
to make his cock get any smaller either.
 "Listen, why don't you go down to the kitchen and bring along a friend while
we finish our breakfast because it might just take two of you to move this big
heavy table out into the hall don't you think?"
 Anita pulled away from the table to face him and she had moved her towel in
her lap so even I could see the hair between her legs and I knew that he could
too! And her towel was just about to fall off her breasts.
 He didn't waste any time at all. He said he would be back with another waiter
in about ten minutes as he left.

 When they knocked at the door, tapped really very quietly, I let them in. He
had brought his friend, a younger blonde kid that probably was not much older
than I was and I latched onto him by making a big show of moving away from the
table and bouncing face down on the bed with my towel flying open at the bottom
and showing my bottom to him.
 "Do you give massages too?" I asked him over my shoulder.
 He just grinned and I jumped back up and got a bottle of skin cream from the
bathroom and the next thing was Anita and I were laying face down with no
towels over our backs and these two were pouring lotion on their hands and
smoothing it all over our backs.
 It wasn't very long until my blonde was rubbing the lotion on my ass very
lovingly if you know what I mean. Lots of the fluid was going down the crack of
my ass and he moved the muscles of my butt all around and I knew he was peeking
at both my openings when he would separate my cheeks with his fingers.
 I turned and looked over at Anita, and her guy was getting his cock sucked
slowly. I watched that and got hornier and hornier until my blond stopped
rubbing and I could hear him take his clothes off.
 His cock started rubbing my thigh as he straddled my butt, his hands still wet

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"

     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 36 -

from lotion and he poured more on and rubbed my ass while his cock just layed
at the crack and kind of moved up and down a little.
 Anita's waiter was sucking her pussy like crazy with her legs up in the air
waving around all straight and his rump sticking up in the air and wiggling all
over as he was giving her a tongue bath at her pussy.
 I could see her hands laced over the back of his neck and she was kind of
moving his head between her wide open thighs to just where it must have felt
the very best to her.
 I felt my blonde's hard cock start sliding into my pussy then and I stuck my
ass up at a better angle for his cock to be able to run in and out of my pussy
at a level that felt better to me.
 When Anita started moaning and groaning I started cuming again and I was so
turned on that I turned and looked at my blonde over my shoulder and told him
something.
 "When you feel like you are close to cumming pull it out because I want to
suck you off at the end."
 I guess that was the wrong thing to say then because he almost stopped fucking
me for a few seconds and then he just pushed in once more and then pulled it
right out again.
 I had to move pretty fast and he was holding his cock with his hand and
squeezing hard to hold his cum in for me to get to it.
 I grabbed and held on to it but I missed my hold a little because before I
could get in to my mouth it started squirting and I got a splash on my cheek
until I could open and point it the right place.
 Well, he about filled my mouth anyway even with the squirt or two that I
missed inside. I could feel the cum on my cheek dripping down and I felt it
leave and fall to my breast but he was still squirting. I know it doesn't take
all that much time for a man to cum but I also think that time slows during
orgasm and it seems longer too.
 Well, I sure had a mouthful of cum, and it didn't take long to store it with
the rest of my after midnight breakfast either.
 A few licks and there wasn't anything good left to eat, just a lot of skin and
a cock that was getting pretty soft too.
 Anita was moaning and her lover had his cock between her legs and she wrapped
her legs around his back and it sure didn't take long for him to cum either. I
watched him just quiver as I knew he was spurting away inside her.

The End of part 5, continued in part 6...




From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:45:08 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Honey 6 of 6
Message-ID: <6147cc$d272a.4e@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 1996 18:39:42 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 183

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Honey 6 of 6

Well, when they pushed the table out the door, we hopped into bed and turned
the lights out and I didn't wake up until after ten in the morning and I still
was smiling when I woke up!
 We didn't do much except sight see that afternoon, and we never did go back to
any of the meetings there except Anita went and got all the pamphlets she could
get her hands on to take home so it would look like we really did care about
the convention instead of just playing around.
 She was such a dear, and I kind of felt badly about not telling her about
making it with her husband and son all the time but you know there are some
things that you are better off keeping to yourself and sex is one of them. For
some reason people get all uptight about fucking when it's so much fun and it
doesn't cost much and it's like eating Chinese food, an hour or two and your
hungry again.
 In fact I was getting hungry again now!
 "Anita, what are we going to do tonight?"

 "Honey, I haven't decided, what would you like to do?"
 I must have giggled.
 "I mean besides that! We both want to get layed I know, the only thing we have
to figure out is where we want to get layed and when."
 "Well, we could always split up and go looking."
 "Mmmm. You know, that might be fun too. Are you sure you won't get into any
trouble if I let you out of my sight? Your mother would kill me if something
happened to you while you were supposed to be with me."
 "Anita, I am fully grown and able to take care of myself! I don't need a
chaperone at all to stay out of trouble!"
 "Well, we ought to leave for Midland before noon tomorrow so will you be sure
and be back by then? I don't want to have to drive in the dark."
 I promised that if I did stay out all night that I would be back well before
noon.
 Anyway, we did split up and I went back to the hotel and put on a blouse and
skirt and walking shoes and brushed my hair again and took one of the things
that were in the hotel room about the sights to see in Dallas.
 I caught a cab to the White Rock Lake and Park where there is a big lake and
lots of places to walk and fish and even some boats to rent which sounded like
fun to me. The area was beuatiful with big trees shading the place and lots of
grass to sit on too.
 I walked out on one dock and looked at the boats there and I got a Creme Soda
and was sitting on the grass under a tree when two guys about me age in SMU
sweat shirts came by and started tossing a football on the grass between each
other.
 SMU is the Southern Methodist University in Dallas and these two were
obviously college students there.
 It didn't take long before we were talking and I was laughing at some of the
things they said.
 You know it really is funny when you think about it.
 When guys have sex on the mind it doesn't take long before it is coming out
their mouth. The jokes start getting sexier and they let you know right now
that they are interested in some sex.
 There were a lot of playing doctor jokes and they were both intending to be
doctors after they got the premed out of the way. And they kept kidding about
giving me a free examination any time I wanted one. Especially right now when
they were running a special at no cost.
 Well I was interested in some sex too but not here in the park because there
were too many people around.

 Well, come to find out, they lived in a house in the North East section not
too far from here and they invited me for a beer because it was walking
distance and pretty soon we were walking with me holding onto an arm each and
incidently rubbing my breasts on their arms too.
 I liked it and they liked it.
 Anyway we got to the place they lived at, and it was a mess! I don't think
they ever cleaned it up. I don't mean it was dirty because it wasn't but there
were books and papers all over the place and a lot of empty beer cans too.
 They said they had a Mexican girl that cleaned for them on the weekends but
she didn't make it last weekend so the place was a mess. They did gather the
empty beer cans though and put some books that were on the couch on the floor
so there were places to sit.
 We talked about college and I think they thought I was also a student and I
didn't tell them any differently.
 The talk turned sexier and sexier and they were telling me just how
experienced that they were and how all the women really liked them which was a
dead givaway that they were probably virgins and hadn't had a woman yet.
 "You two are probably pulling my leg," I told them, "if I thought though that
the two of you were really that experienced then I would run."
 It didn't take long until they both admitted that they really weren't all that
experienced at all and over another beer I got both of them to admit that I was
right and they really were virgins, both of them.
 You know a lot of women never even have one, and here I had two! And I
intended to make the very most of it!
 I had them eating out of my hands in no time at all. I just kept talking about
how much fun it would be for me to really pop a couple of cherries and they
were ready to do handsprings for me if I asked them to.
 "I bet the two of you have never even seen between a girls legs, now have
you?"
 They both admitted to looking at pictures but finally said that no, they
hadn't but they would sure like to.
 "Well, since you are both almost doctors," they grinned at that one, "I guess
it would be alright if you were to examine me."
 You never saw such scurrying around and they had the dining room table cleared
off in nothing flat and a surplus army blanket folded twice for a pad and a
pillow for my head to.
 It was kind of kinky but it was getting more exciting all the time.
 "Don't real doctors always wear white?" I kidded them.
 Well, I had them so shook up that they agreed and said that they could put
sheet on and look like doctors because they would have to put a sheet over me
when the did the examination anyway and what was three more sheets?
 We had another beer each and the came back before long wearing sheets and we
did a lot of laughing at that. Then they put a chair by the table so I could
get on it and they both argued that they had to undress me on the table. I
never did find out what happened to the other sheet and they never did use it
either.
 It was getting kinkier and kinkier and more fun too.

 I lay back on the table with my head on the pillow and they finally decided
which one got to do the upper part and which one got to do the lower part and
then they would switch.
 I was really getting excited now and they got to undressing me. My blouse and
brassiere were off before they even got my shoes off, but the lower doctor took
more time and started caressing my legs at the calves and then worked up under
my skirt until I felt his hands going over the nylon between my thighs. It must
have been pretty wet by that time.
 The doctor at my breasts was doing his thing there too. Fingers first and then
he started sucking on my nipples and licking my breasts. I could feel the lower
doctor unfasten my skirt and I had to raise up to get it pulled off me, and the
same thing with my panties too.
 I must tell you that I came when he pulled my pants down.
 Anyway, between getting my breasts licked and then when the other one started
feeling around between my thighs and I opened them for him to get a closer
look, my hand just somehow found a hard cock beneath a white sheet and it
wasn't all that long until I had it out from under all that percal.
 I felt myself being pulled to the edge of the table so my ass was just resting
on the edge and I looked up to see my doctor standing between my legs with his
hard cock pounding away and throbbing and he started to move it up and down my
pussy but he had the wrong angle and I had to reach down and take hold of him
and move it about an inch lower until he started sliding inside me.
 He was having the time of his life and just got all the way inside and then
didn't move at all, just stayed there and throbbed enjoying the first pussy in
his life. I couldn't stay still and I started humping up and down and my ass
was having a ball, in fact two balls. Both rubbing at me while I moved.
 It was not too long before he started banging away and he kept holding my legs
and moving his cock until I felt it start spurting in me.
 I really went wild then.
 When he pulled it out, the other was right there, sticking it into a hot wet
pussy and I was even making wet noises with my pussy both from the cum from me
and the cum from his friend.
 That fuck didn't last long either but that was alright, it was very satisfying
anyway.
 Well after that, they did want to look closer between my thighs and I even
used my fingers so they could see more pink inside me. They were both very
curious and I did put my finger on my clit and show it to them and how to find
it and made each one do the same.
 I finally got the sheet that had been there all the time and we sat on the
couch and had the rest of our beers and I told them I would spend the night if
they wanted me to.
 We got to talking about fucking and sucking and I promised that I would give
each of them a blow job later but we did have to get something to eat sooner or
later.
 We went out to a small place together and ate and got back about sundown.
 I insisted that they clean off one bed of the books and papers and then we
went back into the living room. One of the things that I was learning was that
men like to talk about sex and it really does make them horny just like it does
me. So I insisted that they start telling me about the times that they had
almost made out and how close they got before they missed and we sat and talked
about how it felt for a man to feel his first breast and the feeling when
sinking a finger into a warm and wanting pussy.
 Anyway when both of them were about as ready as they were going to ever get, I
took them into the clean bed and there the three of us undressed each other and
then climbed into bed and I gave each one of them his first blow job, slowly
and carefully and with love.
 We slept for a while all three in the same bed and then later during the night
we made love again, one after the other until I was exhausted. We slept cuddled
up together like puppies.
 In the morning before the sun was hardly up, I called a cab and then the horn
tooted we kissed each other tenderly and I waved goodbye from the cab window
until they were out of sight.


The End, I think...



