All week in Washington the meetings lasted til the wee hours of the morning.
And they started up again at eight. Sheer torture. Finally, on the last day of
this blasted convention, they let us go back to the hotel "early", 9 PM, so we
can call the airlines and tell them we missed our 4 PM flight home, and to book
us for another, about noon on Saturday.  Rushing back to my room, I put my suit
on and rushed up to the 38th floor pool, hoping to have a nice relaxing swim
before hitting the sack. These twins on the elevator, however, had different
ideas. As soon as the elevator doors closed, one of the twins took her robe off
and asked if I thought she had a "cute" figure. Her braces and cute pixy
haircut said she was about thirteen, but her body said more like sixteen or
seventeen. The white halter top covered her budding breasts quite well, but the
lights were so bright, that I saw the pinkness of her nipples, begging to be
kissed. Her waist was ever so thin, flaring into the best looking pair of legs
I could ever remember. Her bikini was one of those with sort of a belt of
material around her hips, and was adjustable, sort of like curtains, so she
could adjust how much of her bare little bottom was in view. Just as she turned
her bottom towards me, her fingers reached behind her, I suppose, to cover up
more of her behind. My cock almost tore a hole in my trunks as, instead, she
revealed as much of her bare behind as the bikini would allow.  Her legs had a
deep tan, which stopped abruptly at the crack that separated her legs from her
behind, which was pure virgin white. Then she backed into me, rubbing most of
her bare bottom on my legs, and at the same time I could look down her top and
see that her milky white breasts were just as smooth and cuddly as was her bare
behind. Just then, the elevator began to slow down, and quick as a flash, she
had her robe back on, and the three of us walked onto the deck of the pool. The
lone teenage lifeguard looked at us, and assuming the girls were my daughters,
said, "Officially the pool is closed, but if you promise to keep your eye on
the girls, I'll lock the doors and you can swim as long as you like. Just turn
off the lights when you leave."  With a click of the lock he was gone. There I
was alone with twin virgin princesses. Missy announced that since she was 20
minutes older, so it would be her "turn" first. Turn? Turn for what, I
wondered. I didn't have to wonder long.  The second twin quietly let her robe
slip to the deck by the diving board, and revealed that her sun kissed figure
was every bit as sexy as her twin's. She dove in the pool, and after what
seemed like forever, came to the surface just a few feet from where I was
standing. "I think we better call him, 'Daddy', in case the lifeguard comes
back. Is that OK with you, Daddy?", asked one. "I suppose", I replied, "but
what are your names?" "I'm Missy", responded the dry twin, "and my sister's
name is Krissy. We're members of the Olympic Diving Team, and we are eighteen."
I knew better, but if they were only sixteen, that was good enough, because we
were in Maryland, and a sixteen year old is old enough to do whatever she wants
to.  Then Krissy called out, "Daddy! Will you help me? When I dove in, I lost
the bottom of my suit!" Quickly I dove in and swam up to the nearly naked twin,
I put my left hand next to hers on the lip of the pool, and my right hand
around her bare waist and felt down to her soft round naked behind. "You
certainly did lose your suit", I replied. Then Krissy wrapped both of her legs
around me and begged, "Please don't spank me Daddy, I didn't mean to lose it."
The look of despair and the tears in her eyes were genuine. Meanwhile my hand
was doing a lot of cuddling and caressing, and had found its way between her
cheeks to her almost hairless pussy. "Oh Daddy!", Krissy squealed in delight as
I stroked her most secret parts. Figuring out the game they were playing, I
decided to join  in. Out of the water", I ordered in a gruff voice. Krissy swam
over to the ladder and climbed out. My cock felt like it grew to about eight
feet long as I watched her climb out. I remember getting turned on as a
teenager, watching girls climb out of a pool, seeing a bare-bottomed thirteen
year old was too much. She faced me and put her hands in front of her pussy, to
conceal her shame as I got out of the pool. I noticed she was blushing all
over, but her sheepish little grin told me she was in heaven!  "That's not
fair", interrupted Missy. "I said it was my turn first!"  "If you interfere
with your sister's spanking young lady,  I'll paddle your bare bottom next", I
scolded in a playful voice. Then I dove into the pool, retrieved Krissy's
bikini bottom, and ordered both girls into the sauna. The sauna had been off
for quite some time, but it was still warm. I took Krissy over my knee, and
positioned her so that my cock was rubbing her bare, hairless pussy. Then I
unhooked the top of her suit, and reaching around her, began to feverishly
caress her bare breasts. Someone had left some baby oil in the sauna, and I
squirted some on Krissy's round, squirming bare behind. With my right hand
caressing her bare breasts, my left hand began slapping her naughty little
bottom.  I ran my middle finger up and down the crack of her bare butt, and
everytime I touched her near her pussy she moaned with pleasure. Finally I
began to try to insert my finger between her lips, into her love canal, which
by now was dripping with lots of home made honey. Just as my middle finger
inched its way in, Krissy exploded. I moved my right hand from her breasts to
hold her little bare bottom, to try to keep her bottom from bouncing off the
ceiling of the sauna. A minute later her climax became more controllable, and I
inserted my well oiled thumb into her bare butt, and Krissy exploded in my arms
for a second time.  Meanwhile, Missy has been doing a little striptease for me
trying in vain to get my attention. Now that Krissy is too exhausted to move, I
picked her up and laid her down next to me, when she surprised me and said,
"Please hurry and spank me, I can't stand the suspense!" Then she crawled over
my lap, and I put my finger back in her hairless pussy, my thumb back in the
hole of her bare round bottom, and began to spank and alternately caress her
cute little butt, with my other hand.  Seconds later Krissy begins squirming
again, and in no time is she is having her third violent orgasm. Finally
finished with Krissy, I notice that Missy is now lying on her tummy, fingering
her pussy, working herself up into quite a little frenzy. So I quietly sneak up
on her, and began to fondle that cute little bare bottom that I first became
aquainted with earlier. Kneeling down, I insert my tongue into her virgin
asshole, knibbling my way to her pink slit. Missy is begging me to slam it in,
"Fuck Me, Fuck Me, Fuck Me!!!", so I sat on her milky cheeks and inserted my
dick in her little baby pussy. I could feel the head of my dick at her tonsils!
Slapping her pussy with my balls, I exploded inside Missy, then I collapsed on
top of her. After a while, we got up and dressed. Heading for that very same
elevator, both Missy and Crissy put their hands inside my shorts, and when we
got inside the elevator, well, you know the rest.
 