Archive-name: 3plus/bikegrls.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Biker Girls


   Lena  was riding her John Player Norton.  I, as usual, was on the LeMans. 
The big Guzzi throbbed between my legs as we swept through the turns one after
another.  The Goose has a stiff suspension; there's something very sexy about
the way the firm seat fits between my thighs, how the bike bucks over big
bumps.  It's almost like riding a man.  Needless to say by the time we reached
the coast highway I was ready to lure my Lena off into the beach grass and have
my way with her.
     But when we pulled off at one of our favorite overlooks what should we spy
but a gorgeous blue-and-silver Ducati and next to it, dressed all in black
leathers, one of our favorite riders.  Frank was someone we knew through the
European Motorcycle club.  We both liked him, but whenever we had talked it had
always been in the middle of a crowd.  Today he was alone. After chatting a few
minutes Lena and I had evidently come to the same conclusion, for she invited
him to join our picnic.
     There was something about Frank:  he seemed to ooze sensuality, and every
time our eyes met I got a big jolt of frankly sexual energy.  The same seemed
to be happening with Lena.  When I complained of a sore neck Frank gave me a
neck and shoulder rub that was so slow, so deep, so excruciatingly sensual, I
wanted to rip his clothes off right there.
     By the time we finished our meal Lena and I were decided.  Locking her
eyes with mine she picked up my hand and began kissing my fingers one by one. 
Slowly I drew her into my arms until our lips met.  Then we turned to our
guest, who was watching avidly.  "Frank," I began.
     "We think you should come home with us.  We can show you our house..."
     "...and our bedroom..."
     "...and our bed..."
     "You see," I explained as Frank's hot eyes rested first on Lena, then on
me, "we have lots of fun together but we haven't had a man in--how long has it
been, Lena?"
     "I don't know.  A long time."
     "A very long time."
     "And we LIKE men!" Lena insisted.  "Especially men who are serious about
their pleasures--and like to take their time with them.  Are you like that,
Frank?  Because if you are--"
     "IF you are, we'd VERY much like to take you home."
     Frank licked his lips.  "Let's go."
     At the house we stripped off our leathers and warmed up with a cup of hot
tea apiece.  Then Lena and I led Frank into our bedroom.  As we had pushed our
bikes into the garage earlier we had decided what we were going to do.  Now I
put my arms around Frank and began to kiss him.  He was an incredible kisser,
slow and tantalizing.  We kissed and undressed, then I pushed him down on the
bed and lay on top of him, naked skin on hot, naked skin, and while my mouth
and my naked thighs against his erection distracted him, Lena captured his arms
and legs and tied him to the bed.
     I don't think he realized he was caught until she tightened the bonds and
I rolled off him.  "Don't worry," Lena told him.  "It's just that, well, the
trouble with men is that they're just not patient.  And we want to take you
slo-o-owly."  She leaned down and kissed his mouth, nibbled his ear lobe, then
knelt between his spread legs and began, with excruciating slowness, to lick
and then suck his balls.  Frank groaned and rolled his eyes.  I lay back and
enjoyed as Lena tormented him.  I had some idea of what was coming next, and
watching Frank thrash and strain against his bonds as Lena brought him closer
and closer to orgasm was getting me really hot.  Just before he was ready to
come she pulled away from him, leaving his organ purple with lust and visibly
pulsating.  "See what I mean?  You're getting impatient."  Frank groaned.  Lena
crawled over him and wrapped me in an octopus-like embrace.  "Now it's your
turn," she said.
     Those incredible, talented lips brushed my hairline, my eyelids, and at
last my mouth.  While her fingers teased my things apart she began
french-kissing me, her lush breasts a warmth I wanted to bury myself in.  I
stroked her nipple with one hand while the other found her pussy, which was
dripping wet with excitement.  As I caressed the hot, velvety softness between
her labia she began to moan aloud, thrusting her crotch against the heel of my
hand.  I was all set to go down on her when she slipped from my arms, laid me
head-to-foot with Frank so he could watch as much of the action as possible,
and began to lick my dripping hot pussy.
     A fierce heat began to grow deep inside me, became nearly unbearable as it
spread to my hands and feet, my breasts, even my throat.  As her tongue lashed
my super-sensitive clit I felt her finger slide around the opening of my
vagina, then slip within.  A bottomless well seemed to open inside me.  As she
brought me to the brink of orgasm and over I was dimly aware that Frank was
going nearly as wild as I was, but I caught in wave after wave of searing,
almost unendurable pleasure and couldn't pay much attention.  Lena barely let
me catch my breath before bringing me off again.  Another sweet agony shook me.
 She was starting in on round three when I took mercy on poor Frank and
insisted that she make him lick her pussy for a while.  Meanwhile I lay down
between his legs and began licking his balls as Lena had done earlier.
     Frank was excited and he loved Lena's pussy.  Lena loved his tongue, too,
for she kept rubbing her cunt over his mouth, groaning, sweat sheening the
muscles of her back.  I ached to be two places at once:  how I envied Frank as
he tasted my lover's delicious snatch, especially when her skin took on the
dark flush that let me know she was close to cumming.  It wasn't long before I
saw her long dark hair fly back as her body was wracked by spasm after spasm of
delicious orgasm.
     Meanwhile I was getting off on Frank's cock and balls.  His scrotum had a
delightful male odor, and the whole sac was so-o-o sensitive!  While my
saliva-slicked hand stroked his throbbing erection I took first one ball and
then the other inside my mouth, tonguing them, teasing them, pulling gently. 
Pretty soon Frank got so hot I had to stop.  I was just in time to witness Lena
going off again.  As I shifted my legs slightly I could feel the juices
squishing around in my pussy.  I was SO hot, and Frank had such a gorgeous
cock.  I took the head, then the strong shaft, into my mouth, but it wasn't
enough.  Lena had collapsed by Frank's head.  I positioned myself over Frank
and slowly sheathed his erect and throbbing member in my tight, hungry cunt.
     That must have been just what he wanted, because he shuddered and groaned
and his eyes rolled back in his head.  Me, I was in heaven.  Frank's cock--it
was rock-hard--felt just perfect, and as he strained against his bonds to
thrust himself deeper inside me I could feel the sweet sensation building
toward another orgasm.
     "Do you want to cum, Frank?"  I panted, speeding up my tempo.
     "Yes!" he grated.
     "So bad you can almost taste it?"
     "Oh god, please!"
     I leaned closer to him, slamming my hips against his pelvis.  As I thrust
an eager tongue between his lips I could feel my body begin to shudder. 
Suddenly my back arched as I began to cum, another incredibly intense orgasm,
and as I did Frank screamed and began to shoot wads of hot jism into me,
bucking and straining.  I have never seen a man come like that, and the wild
throbbings of his cock made my own orgasm go on and on.  Finally, spent, I
collapsed on top of him.  His arms came around me as Lena loosed his bonds,
then she joined us a moment later.  The three of us, intertwined, fell asleep
there among the tangled covers, happy and--for the moment--exhausted.

-----
