Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





"Brian's Mom"
by:  Daddy Robert


 Brain's Mom * (boy moves away from home and reveals to his
mother in letters that he always wanted to have sex with her. 
He's surprised to find his mother at his door one day asking him
to prove it)

 When Brian opened the door and saw his mother standing there in
a tennis T-shirt and skirt, his mouth dropped.

"Mother?"

"Can I come in?"

"Sure," Brian offered as he closed the door behind her. 
"Wha...what brings you here?"

"All those letters you sent telling me about how you want to
have sex with me," she stated.  "I want to see if your serious."

Brian blushed and looked at the floor, "Of course I was serious."

"Well, let's go!" his mother said as she briskly walked to the
back bedroom.  Brian watched her walk down the hall and
disappear into his room.  When Brian entered the room, his
mother was laying on her back on the bed.

"Well," she smiled.  "Show me how serious you are."

Suddenly Brian tore at his jeans and pulled them off to reveal
his fully erect rod.

"My, my," Brian's mother teased.  "You really do want me."

"Now don't disappoint me," she said as she raised her legs in
the air and wiggled out of her panties.  Brian saw his mother's
blonde snatch for the first time and his mouth watered at how
pink and wet it looked.  "I want you to fuck me hard!"

Brian's mother was still pulling off her tight T-shirt as he
climbed up on the bed between her legs and spread them wide. 
With his left hand, Brian grasped his cock and shoved it into
his mother's snatch unceremoniously.

"OHHH FUCK, YESS!!!" his mother wailed as his cock plunged into
her, spreading her cunt forcefully.   "That's it!  Fuck me
hard!!"

Brian began to slam his meat into his mother thrust after thrust
as he watched her heavy breasts bouncing beneath him.

"Come on!!" his mother barked.  "Fuck me!  Fuck your mother's
pussy!!!"

"I've wanted to do this for so long!" Brian grunted as he
continued to slam against his mothers thighs.

"You should have told me sooner," his mother panted as she dug
her nails into his back.  "You should have been giving me that
big cock MUCH sooner than this!!!"

Brian was enjoying the feel of his mother's body beneath him
when she exclaimed, "You've got a mirror!!! Brian, fuck me
doggie style so we can watch in the mirror!"

Getting off her quickly, Brian let his mother scamper up on her
hands and knees so that she could see herself in the mirror. 
"Push that big cock into my hot pussy!  " she demanded.  "Let me
see my son stuffing my pussy!!!"

Brian pushed his hips forward and guided his cock to her ass as
he slid himself back into her hot snatch.

"Fuck me hard, Brian!" she yelled.  "Watch your mothers big tits
bounce around when you fuck her!"

Eagerly Brian pounded her and watched the mirror to see his
mother's breasts swinging and bouncing around wildly.  "It's so
beautiful mother," he groaned.

Grabbing her ass, his mother began to squeal, "I'm cumming
baby!!  Your making your mommy cum!!!!"

"Yes mommy, cum!!" Brian groaned as he slapped against her ass
harder and harder.

"I love to see my son's big cock in my pussy!!

"And I love to fuck my mother's brains out!"

Grabbing her tits, Brian's mother squeezed and pinched her
nipples as she ground her ass into her son's increasing thrusts. 

"I want your big cock up my ass!" his mother yelled as she
reached the apex of her orgasm.

"YES!!" Brian growled as he pulled his thick shaft out of his
mother and began to reposition himself.

"NO!" his mother demanded as she got off the bed.  "Out in the
livingroom with the curtains WIDE open! " she ordered.  "I want
to the whole goddamn fucking neighborhood to see you fuck your
mother up the ass!!!"

"Oh Jesus!!" Brian panted as he leapt off the bed and took his
mother by the hand out to the livingroom.  "I want to fuck your
tight ass."

Not wasting anytime Brian's mother tore open the curtains and
pulled them as wide as she could.  Her perfect naked body shined
with sweat as she grabbed the livingroom chair and bent over
thrusting her ass in the air.  The houses seemed so close that
Brian knew someone had to be watching.  Quickly his mother
grabbed her perfect ass and spread her cheeks.

"Come on baby!  Fucking stuff that cock up your mothers ass!!"

Brian first dropped to his knees and shoved his tongue into the
crack of his mother ass and began licking her tight hole.

"OHHH YESS!!" she squealed.  "Lick your mother's asshole!  Let
everyone see you licking my asshole!"

Brian got up and grabbed his cock as he pushed his mother's hips
down so that he could get to her ass better.  Forcefully Brian
pushed his cock into his mothers tight hole as she began to
scream.

"JESUS CHRIST!!!!" she bellowed.  "Oh my god, your cock is so
big!!!"

Brian shoved himself into her ass harder and smiled as she
bucked and squeezed his cock with her muscles.

"Come on you son-of-a-bitch!" she screamed.  "Fuck your mothers
ass!"

"You like my cock in your butt?" Brian asked.

"I LOVE my son's big cock in my ass!!" she screamed.  

Brian was pumping in and out now with a good rhythm.  "I'm going
to cum all over your ass," he told her.	

"Cum on my ass!" she agreed.  "Yes, cum on your mothers ass and
teach her to take cock up her tight little asshole!!!"

Brian was grunting now and panting hard.

"Come on, teach your mother how to take cock in the ass!!!" she
continued begging.

"OH GOD!!!" Brian bellowed as he pulled his cock out his
mother's tight hole and exploded thick white cum up her back.

Carefully, Brian jerked the remaining load onto his mothers
asshole as he held her cheeks apart.  

"That's it," his mother cooed.  "Cum in  your mothers ass. 
Teach her to like cum in her ass."

Brian's mother rubbed her hand in her crack smearing her son's
cum up and down her cheeks as Brian walked across the room and
fell onto the couch.

"You think the neighbor's saw anything?" his mother asked as she
stood erect and smeared cum on her tits, playing in it's
sliminess as she fondled her nipples.

"I sure hope so," Brian grunted as he stroked his cock and
watched his mother fondle herself.

"You still look up to the job," his mother commented.

"Up to the job of what?"

"Teaching your mother to cum," she informed him.

"Ya," Brian laughed as he looked at his still rock hard cock. 
"It does look that way."

"Please teach me how to cum" she pleaded.

"OK," Brian said, "The first thing you do is you climb up on top
of me and sit in my lap."

"Like this?" she asked as she crawled up and spread her legs on
either side of him.  Her tits squarely in his face, ass to the
window, she asked. "What next?"

Grabbing his cock from between her legs and standing it erect he
continued, "Next your spread that sweet pussy and shove this up
your cunt."

Slowly his mother spread her pussy with her fingers and eased
down on her son's hard cock.  "OH GOD, like this????"

"Ya," Brian said as he grabbed his mother's ass and forced her
down further on his shaft.

"FUCK!!" she moaned.  "Am I going to cum yet??"

"NO!" Brian barked.  "First you have to bounce on your son's
cock and tell him how much you love his big dick."

Slowly his mother slid herself up his shaft and back down again.
 Quicker and quicker she bounced on him until her breasts were
swinging in small circles.  "OH GOD, like this??"

"Yes, " he said as he shoved a finger into his mother's ass. 
"Now tell me how you like my cock."

"I love my son's big cock!!!  I LOVE my son's big cock!!  Oh
Jesus Christ I love my son's big cock!!!"

Grabbing the back of the couch and shoving herself into him
harder she asked, "Can I cum now?"

"Yes," Brian said as he grabbed her tits and smashed them
together.

"OH GOD!!!!" she groaned.  "I'm cumming!!!!   Feel my creamy
pussy???  Do you feel your mother cumming??"

"Yes!!" Brian gasped as he felt her bouncing on him harder and
harder getting wetter and wetter.

Brian ran his hands along his mother's sweaty back and rubbed
her shoulders while she continued her orgasm.

"Now part two of the lesson," Brian said.  "Get up."

Sliding off her sons swollen rod, Brian's mother moaned and got
off the couch.

"Lay on the ground," Brian demanded.

As his mother laid on the carpet in the middle of the livingroom
floor, Brian spread her legs and lay on top of her.  Forcing his
cock between her legs, Brian penetrated his mother's insides
once again.  He could feel his mother's cunt still spasming from
orgasm.

"No, I can't..." she stammered.  "I can't cum anymore!"

"Oh yes you can!" Brian demanded as he began to slam his mother
against the floor.  Imagining that his neighbors were watching,
Brian wished he could see his sweaty ass bouncing up and down on
top of his mother.  Brian relished the feeling of his mother's
ass jiggling beneath him each time his thighs smashed into her
soft flesh.

"Turn over," Brian ordered as he pulled out and help flip her on
her back.  Pushing her legs up, Brian laid his thick cock on his
mother's stomach and began to suckle her breasts.  "You want
this in you?"

"Yes," his mother panted.  "Put that cock back in me."

Obediently, Brian grabbed his rod and stuffed it back into his
mother's pussy.

"Oh SHIT!!!" his mother choked.  "Fuck my pussy!!!"

Sweat dripped of Brian's face and onto his mother below. 
Eagerly she raised her head and began licking her son's neck as
she rubbed his sweaty back.  "Fuck your mother!  Fuck her
hard!!!"

Brian jammed his rod inside his mother harder and harder as she
bounced around on the carpet.  Just then Brian's mother grabbed
her legs and pulled them up as high as she could to her chest. 
Brian felt himself sink further into her tight pussy as she
groaned and moaned beneath him.

"Your father never fucked me like this," she panted between his
slamming her.

"Father doesn't love you like I do," Brian said as his balls
bounced against her ass.

"Your father doesn't have the cock to love me like YOU do," she
grunted.

"Look," Brian said as he stared down between her legs.  "Look at
my big cock stuffed in your pretty pussy!"

"Oh god, Brian, your cock is so big and thick!!" she screamed. 
"You can stuff your mother's pussy ANY fucking time you want!!!"

Slowing down considerably, Brian watched his cock sliding in and
out of her.  "Ya," he moaned.  "Look at your pretty pussy!  God
I love to see your pussy full of my cock!"

"I want to see your cum all over my pussy!" his mother yelled in
passion.  "Please, Brian, jerk your cum all over my pussy."

"You want me to cum on you?" Brian asked as he picked up his
pace and slammed her hard again.

"Yes!!" she yelled.  "I want to see my son's white cum dripping
from his mother's pussy!  I want to stand in the window with
your hot cum dripping between my legs and tell the world you
fucked me."

"I want that too," Brian groaned as he pulled his cock out and
started to cum.  Thick white globs dropped onto his mother's
stomach and clung to her pubic hair as he jerked his load on her
wet pussy.

"Stand up," Brian said as he got off of her.

Doing as she said, Brian's mother stood before the window and
spread her legs.  Brian saw his cum running down her stomach and
dripping from her pubic hair to the floor.

"Here I am!" she announced.  "Covered in my son's cum like a
whore!"

Brian stood behind her and put his hands on her stomach.  Slowly
her rubbed his cum across her stomach and ground it into her wet
pussy.

"Can we take a nap now?" Brian asked.

"Yes sweatheart," she said as he followed him to the bedroom.

Flopping to the bed, Brian noticed his mother staring at his
semi-hard rod.  

"What?" Brian asked.

"God I want to suck that cock," she moaned as she crawled up on
the bed.

"Oh mother," he groaned. " I gotta take a break."

Not listening his mother grabbed his cock and started to lick it
like a lollipop.  Suddenly Brian felt himself coming around
again.

"Wait," his mother said as she got up quickly and opened the
bedroom curtains.  "I want everyone to see me suck my son's big
cock.  We wouldn't want to disappoint them would we?"

"Holy shit, mom," Brian laughed.  "Your a kinky little bitch
aren't you?"

Grabbing his cock and shoving it down her throat, she sucked for
a few minutes before commenting.  "Do you think I'm too kinky?"

"No!" Brian corrected quickly.

Slurping loudly his mother talked between sucking, "I want your
big cock in my mouth!!  Oh Brian I want to suck your cock!! 
Your big beautiful cock!!!   I want you to cum in your mother's
mouth.  Let me drink your hot cum!!!"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....