I am the middle child, with sisters, one older and one younger.  Both my 
parents are still married.  My story happened 5 years ago when I was 15.  My 
older sister, Susan, was 18 and my younger sister, Sara, was 14.  I used to 
come home from school and sneak into my parents room a get one of my dad's 
dirty magazines, then go back to my room and look at the pictures.  I would get 
rock hard.  One day I started to play with my hard shaft and found how good it 
felt.  I used to beat off about 3 times a week.
   I was startled to hear, "What are you doing?"  I was embarrassed, standing 
there, shorts around my ankles, and cock in my hand.
   Seeing the look of surprise, and seeing Sara staring at my rod, I asked her 
if she had ever seen a dick before.  She said "No, "I have heard my girl 
friends talk about them but never saw one."
   "Well", I said, "this is a dick."  I told her to promise not to tell anyone 
that she saw my dick.  She said she wouldn't. I told her that I would show her 
something else and got out one of dad's fuck magazines.  The magazine had 
straight pictures, threesomes, orgies, lezs and gays. I opened it up and showed 
my sister some of the pictures.  I told her that since I had no clothes on she 
should drop the towel.
   As we sat there, flipping through pages, I had a raging hardon.  I bent over 
and kissed her tit, and put my hand on the other and rubbed a minute.  I the 
asked her if she would like to touch my dick.  She said yes.  I leaned back and 
she gently began to handle my hard cock.  I told her to stroke it.  I put her 
hand around it and showed her how.  She caught on quickly, and began stroking 
it up and down.  I told her that if she kept it up she will make me cum.  She 
looked at me funny, I said, you'll see.  It didn't take long and I squirted my 
cum all over the bed.  We looked at some pictures, she saw one with a women 
sucking a man's dick.  She looked at me and asked if anyone had ever done that 
to me.  I told her no.  She asked me if she could try.  I said yes.  She took 
in the head of my cock into her mouth.  What a sight, my sisters cheeks were 
bulging as she sucked my dick.  I was about ready to cum when she stopped, and 
said her mouth was tired.  I said okay.  I asked her to make me cum again, and 
she stroked my dick until I shot another load.  I asked her if she had a good 
time, she said she did, and asked if she could take the magazine to her room. I 
said she could.
   About a month after my seeing Sara, Susan had over a friend of hers, Kelly.  
I quietly went outside and around the side of the house to Susan's bedroom 
window.  I couldn't believe my luck, earlier I had opened the drapes a little, 
and they were still open.  Kelly was getting undressedand Susan was loading the 
VCR.  Kelly took off all her clothes except her undies, then put on a night 
shirt.  After loading the VCR, my sister did the same.  Then she went to the 
door and locked it.  They both hopped onto the bed as the movie started.  I 
couldn't believe my eyes, the movie was a porno flick. The first scene was a 
guy and two women going at it.  The man was fucking the one women while the 
other was sitting on her face.  I had an instant hardon. About 15 minutes into 
the movie I realized why I was outside, I looked over onto the bed and my 
sister had her head buried between Kelly's legs.  Kelly had removed her clothes 
and was rubbing her tits while my sister ate her out.  Kelly told Susan to turn 
around so that she could play with play with her cunt.  There it was, almost 
staring me in the face, my sister's cunt, spread open by another girl's 
fingers.  I had to stroke myself and I came all over myself.
    The next day I confronted Susan and told her that unless she let me see her 
nude, I would tell our parents what she and Kelly had done.  She agreed but 
said we had to wait until Saturday night when our parent would be out.

    Saturday night came around finally.  I was excited.  I was going to finally 
see Susan nude.  She called me into the living room.  She was really decked up, 
white bra, panties, hose and garters.  She told me to take off my clothes.  I 
did that in a second.  She then told me to sit on the couch, which I did.  She 
took off her bra and let her nice tits free.  She walked up to me and asked if 
I would like to touch them.  I said yes, and reached up and played with them.  
She leaned over and I kissed one.  She looked at my cock and asked if I would 
like for her to suck it.  She said, Sara said you liked it.  "Don't be 
surprised."
   She dropped to her knees and began licking my cock.  Just as she was 
sucking, I saw Kelly enter the room.  She was wearing the same thing Susan was, 
except hers was black.  She walked into the room and took off her bra.  I 
couldn't believe my eyes.  Kelly asked, "did you like our show the other 
night?"  I of course said yes.  She told me to get on my knees, and taste her 
cunt.  I did, and my sister moved behind me.  I started to use my hands, but 
was told to put them behind my back.  I started to slide my tongue into her 
panties, put I couldn't get a good lick.  I tried to use my hands again, my 
sister told me again to keep my hands behind my back.  I did, and she put 
handcuffs on my wrists.  She then said, "that should keep your hands still." 
She then walked over to Kelly, and helped her out of her panties. And the Kelly 
took Susan's off.  I watched as they kissed each other and played with each 
others cunts.  Susan then layed down on the floor, Kelly told me to eat Susan's 
cunt.  She sucked you, now it is your turn.  I did, and she tasted great.  As I 
was on the floor eating my sister's cunt Kelly took one of her panties hose and 
started rubbing up and down my legs.  The next thing I knew, she had my legs 
tied up with them.  My sister got up and her and Kelly helped me to my feet and 
then to Susan's room.  As we entered, laying on Susan's bed was Jim, Kelly's 
boy friend.  Of course a jock.  He played on the football team, was about 6'2", 
190 lbs, and had about a eight inch boner sticking straight.  He said, "about 
time you guys got here."  Jim told Kelly to suck my dick, while Susan sucked 
his.  I was about ready to cum and she quit sucking. Jim pulled Susan's mouth 
off off his cock.  All three positioned me against the headboard, sitting up.  
Jim said that Susan had done a good job on his pole, but he didn't cum. 
Somehow, I knew what was going to happen next, so I said, "would you like me to 
finish you off."  With that, Jim put his cock into my face and I started to 
suck.  He held my head and began fucking my mouth. Deep strokes until he came 
in my mouth.  I swallowed must of it.  What I didn't, the two girls did.
   Jim released me and told me to fuck Susan.  She was laying on the bed so I 
mounted her and fucked her silly.  I came like I never did before.  Jim was 
fucking Kelly, and she was moaning like crazy.  Jim told the girls to lick each 
other clean and positioned them into a 69.  Then he grabbed my dick, knelt down 
and blow me until I came again.  He swallowed all of it.
   Since that night, I have been to parties with Susan.  She makes me suck her 
boyfriends and girl friends.  Also, when Sara turned 17, we included her in our 
little family affairs.
