Copyright © 1997, Carnal Quill.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.








Cherry Picker
By The Carnal Quill (as Magic Wand)


Tad's hands were shaking as he handed a wad of dollar bills to Cherry.

"That's nineteen, and, uh, I got the rest right here..." He mumbled as he 
began to fish around in his right pocket for the last dollar, which was made 
up of many coins that jingled heavily as he tried to scoop them out.

Cherry quickly counted the wad of money, and when she saw the trouble the 
nervous little boy was going to for his last dollar, she reached out and 
touched his wriggling wrist.

"That's OK,"  Cherry said gently, surmising that the money had been hard-
earned, probably saved up just for losing his virginity to her.  "I'm gonna 
give you a dollar-off special today."

"Uh... thanks," he mumbled shyly, looking down at her hand lingering on his 
wrist, his hand still in his pocket.  Now that the payment was made, he hadn't 
the slightest idea what to do with the teenaged prostitute.

The two were standing inside the door of the run-down motel room that the girl 
shared with her mother.  She was known among the boys at his junior high as 
the "cherry picker" because she only did boys once, for $20, and only if she 
thought they were virgins.  Several of his friends had lost their cherries to 
her, and had dared him to do the same.  It had taken the twelve-year-old over 
a month to save up the money, mainly because he was so shy with girls that he 
dreaded the day when he finally did have it all.  Only the constant 
encouragement of his friends, and their vivid descriptions of their 
experiences, had kept him at it.  They had accompanied him to the motel and 
watched from across the street as he had come inside.

Cherry was pleased with her latest client.  He looked extremely small and 
vulnerable, just the way she liked them.  She knew that she would be in 
complete control of this timid boy.  She had been servicing junior high 
virgins since shortly after she was date-raped by a sixteen-year-old a few 
months ago.  She had hated the helplessness she had felt during the 
experience, but loved the sex.  Now she had found a way to have sex with 
complete control of the situation, and make good money at it, too.

Cherry smiled at the nervous boy and began to rub her hand up and down his arm 
in a slow, sensual caress.  The boy shuddered and gulped audibly, staring at 
his toes.

"You ever felt a girl's titty, Boy?"  Cherry always called her clients 'Boy'.

The tawny-haired head in front of her shook in response, and Cherry pulled at 
his wrist so that the hand emerged from his pocket and went inside her 
bathrobe to her bare titty.  She always greeted her clients in nothing but a 
bathrobe.  It simplified things greatly.  Likewise, boys wanting to do 
business with her had to dress in wide, baggy shorts and no underwear.  When 
they met her in the nearby park, they had to sit somewhere nearby and position 
themselves in a way that clearly displayed their boyhood to her.  If she met 
their eye and nodded, the deal was on and they were to discretely follow her 
home.  The site of this boy's plump, rosy nutsack was still vivid in her 
mind's eye.

The boy gave a loud sigh as he felt her smooth, pliant breast against his 
fingers.  He forgot his shyness and brought his head up to stare hungrily at 
the flesh beneath his hand.  Cherry was pleased to see a nice little tent 
instantly appear in the boy's shorts.  She wanted to grab it, but restrained 
herself so that she could enjoy the anticipation, and the swelling in her 
loins that came with it.

She guided his hand and taught him how to palm her swelling nipple while 
squeezing her breast with his fingers.  When he got the hang of it, she pulled 
at the other side of the robe, inviting him to do the same with her other 
breast.  She watched his brown eyes light up with excited lust as he began to 
knead her breasts with both hands.  She flung her head back and closed her 
eyes, relishing the sensations this innocent little boy was giving to her.

His hot breath against her sternum brought her finally back to the situation.  
He had unconsciously brought his face to within a few inches of her chest, his 
pink tongue licking hungrily at his wet, rosy little lips.  She wondered how 
long it would take for his lust to win out over his timidness and take a tit 
into his mouth, but was filled with too much of her own desire to wait and 
find out.

She grabbed the back of his head and pulled his wet mouth to her right nipple.  
"Lick me, Boy, suck me good!"  She panted, her head again falling back and 
swinging from side to side as the boy eagerly lapped at her tit with his whole 
tongue.  She shuddered and shook as he wetted her entire globe with his 
bountiful saliva.

"Aaah, aaah, aaah," he bleated as he licked away, making her nipple throb with 
its desire to be sucked long and hard.

"Uhhh!  Geez, Boy, lick my fuckin' titty.  God, that feels good!"  She panted 
as she rubbed the back of his head, crushing his face against her.  His hot 
breath puffed more and more quickly, drying his saliva almost as fast as he 
administered it.

She felt his tented shorts butt against her robe, crushing it against her 
drooling cunt.  Her hands began to move downward, over his bony shoulders and 
across his sharply jutting shoulder blades.  Now he began to suck her nipple 
with savage, pubescent hunger.  He took the whole thing into his mouth, then 
slurped on it loudly as it pulled out of his tightly pressed lips until the 
erect nipple scraped between his gently nibbling front teeth.  Pleasure arced 
through her slender body and sent her hips into wild gyrations that brought 
her into ever-increasing contact with his jutting hard-on.

"Yeah, oh yeaaaaah!  Suck that titty, Boy!  Make me cum all over myself!"  She 
cried out as he slurped noisily away, lost in the new sensations.  Her cunt 
was juicing profusely, now, dampening the sparse hairs at the entrance and 
smearing her thighs.

She groaned loudly as her hand reached his small, firm buttocks and squeezed 
them harshly, pulling his hips toward her inflamed loins.  She managed to part 
her robe and let the tented material scrape against her inflamed clitty.  The 
boy's hips began to jerk spasmodically as he felt his swollen glans rubbing 
against the wet, throbbing button through the cloth.  His mouth darted over to 
the other tit and began to devour it.  He couldn't keep his mouth fastened on 
the nipple for long, however.  He kept having to release it during his high-
pitched grunts of pleasure that were coming ever faster as his hips began to 
gyrate wildly against her wet crotch.

Cherry knew the inexperienced boy was quickly losing control.  She couldn't 
blame him since she was in a frenzy herself.  Fortunately, the boy had an 
elastic waste band or she would never have gotten the little hard-on out 
before he delivered his precious little load.  His grunts became a continuos 
squeal of ecstasy as he felt his pricklet bounce free and smack against her 
clammy wet twat.  Little white globs of hot boy jizz began to sprinkle the 
slimy door of her love tunnel, clit, and cunt lips before she got her hand up 
to press it tightly into the cleft while he slowly rubbed it back and forth as 
it oozed his sweet fluid, smearing her wet crack and mingling with her own 
dripping juices.  His mouth had dropped her nipple, and his smooth cheek lay 
against her breast as his quick pants warmed the surrounding skin.

She held his cocklet tightly against her cunny until his hips ground to a halt 
and his smooth little erection began to wilt.  Then she wrapped her arms 
around him as he slumped against her and helped him over to her bed, letting 
him lay back with his feet on the floor.

As the overcome boy lay gathering his breath, Cherry took the opportunity to 
kneel down between his parted knees and closely examine his boyish equipment.  
No boy cock looked the same, and she relished the variety.  She thought she 
had seen every combination of bald or hairy, big or little cocks and balls, 
yet none was like any she had seen before.  Each one was a wonderful new toy, 
so different from all the rest.  The other whores in her motel were bored with 
their jobs, seeing one big, hairy set of cock and balls after another.  
Staring at this latest miracle of boy flesh, she vowed never to give up these 
sweet-smelling, gentle young boys.

The young scrotum draped loosely over his ass crack, the pale white flesh 
around his jelly-bean sized nuggets hanging about three inches below the base 
of his dicklet.  The stretched, empty part of his scrotum was a beautiful dark 
pink color that spread up the underside of his semi-erect penis.  Not a hair 
was visible anywhere on his sac or at the base of his cock.  His nutsack 
seemed to start at a point above the base of his stalk, creating a puffy arc 
over the top.  His poker lay along his abdomen, about three slender inches in 
its present state, which she figured to be about the size of a roll of nickels 
when hard.

She wrapped her hands around the boy's bony pelvis and brought her tongue to 
the delicate balls and began to lick them gently.  Her tongue was tickled by 
the tiniest of peach fuzz as it caressed his sensitive nuts, bringing forth a 
soft moan from the youngster as his scrotum wrinkled and tightened with the 
stimulation.  She was pleased to note the pricklet become instantly hard, as 
well.

She sniffed deeply as she lapped at his precious jewels and reveled in the 
light musky scent of his loins.  The boy's hips began to churn with his 
renewed arousal, and she moved her tongue upward toward the instrument of her 
pleasure.  She pressed her tongue lightly along the soft urethra that ran the 
length of his stalk, coaxing a small bead of clear pre-cum out of the tip to 
be lapped up as she reached the tip.  The boy began to moan more forcefully 
and shake his head from side to side, lost in his pleasure.  His hips bucked 
harder as he instinctively sought a tight, wet home for his horny little 
prick.

Tad gasped, and Cherry moaned softly as her wet lips trapped the boy's cock 
tip in their hungry embrace.  More watery boy-semen oozed onto her waiting 
tongue as his balls churned and became rock-hard along the base of his 
straining member.  The taste and smell were driving her wild.  Her cunt 
muscles spasmed as they tried to grip onto something.  The contractions were 
forcing waves of cunt juices out of her canal and down her thighs.  Desire 
overcame her, and she released his dripping cocklet from her mouth.

"Unnnnnhhhhh," the boy groaned at the loss of sensation as a hot new load was 
fighting for release.

"Ohhhhhh," the girl whimpered as she gazed hungrily at the wet tool.  
Desperately, she climbed onto him and planted her hungry little twat over the 
trembling, dripping glans.  It went in easily, making a loud slurping sound as 
it parted the wet, sticky walls of her overheated love box.  They ground their 
pelvises together roughly, each trying to get the boy-meat as far into her 
girl-flesh as possible.  She clamped her sphincter tightly at the base of his 
pricklet, causing its tip to bounce around in her womb as they ground 
together.  The velvety wetness of her cunt walls rippled along his boyhood as 
her cunt muscles finally found something to wrap around.  There was no in-and-
out movement, just the wobbling around of the boy's prick head inside her as 
their tense bodies heaved against each other, each quickly building up to an 
explosive climax.

Tad came first.  With a high-pitched yelp, his lust-filled eyes fixed on the 
jiggling jugs above him and he spurted deep into her loins.  His thin stream 
of boy juice splashed hotly against her deepest reaches, setting off a cunt-
wrenching series of orgasmic spasms that nearly tore his cock off.  Cherry 
screamed loudly as her body began to convulse with wave after wave of ecstasy.  
Each weak spurt of the young boy's dicklet set off a new series of spasms even 
before the previous ones had ended, bringing her to a height of frenzy she'd 
never hit before.  Their combined juices sprayed from the tight juncture of 
their bodies, bathing his balls and bottom in a warm coating of pungent goo.

Their releases lasted far longer than the joining that had brought them, as 
the youngsters voided every sexual reservoir in their small bodies.  When 
Tad's mind emerged from behind its veil of passion and his soft, tingling tool 
was resting comfortably inside her slimy snatch, he decided that he'd gotten 
his money's worth, and that losing his cherry to Cherry hadn't been so bad 
after all.











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....