Archive-name: Family/1dad.txt
Archive-author: D-man
Archive-title: An Incestual Slumber


 I had married young, mainly due the fact that I had gotten Janet pregnant.
Things seemed to work out fine for about five years until Janet informed me
that she was leaving me and our little girl Kelly for some rich guy on the
west coast. Twelve years later I still hadn't gotten over it completely. I
truly loved Janet and probably would still take her back today. Now at 35, my
love life is still pretty lame even though I am considered good looking. I am
just not a very good conversationalist. It had been at least 6 months since my
last sexual encounter, a bar slut who I'd rather forget.

 It was Friday night, my poker night over at Stu's house. I was doing pretty
good, both in my beer drinking and card playing. At 12:30, Stu's wife came out
wearing a tight fitting tank top and high cut shorts. I could smell her soft
sensual perfume as she whispered something in his ear, her hand disappearing
below the table. They were both young, Stu about 28 and Sandy 25, although she
barely looked 19. She gave him a quick kiss and stood up. My eyes couldn't
help fixating on her tits, her shirt perfectly outlining them and her
obvoiusly erect nipples. She said "See ya guys" and trotted off. I evied Stu,
I would have given anything to jump in her pants. For obvious reasons the game
ended shortly thereafter and I headed home with my money, a good buzz and a
hardon.

 I arrived home to the sight of a girl being carried out the door by a rather
large guy. I recognized him as Phil and the girl as Lisa. They had been over
many times to go swimming and hang out. "I just got here and found these two
totally wasted", Phil said. "How's Kelly?" I said. "She's pretty out of it
too" he replied. He then laid Lisa in the back seat of his car and drove off.

 I walked into the house and saw my daughter passed out on the couch, many
beer bottles and a near empty Jack Daniels bottle on the coffee table. I tried
to bring my daughter up properly, but without a mother around, it was tough.
She was a good kid and at 18 she seemed to have it together. She didn't drink
that often, but when she did, this was usually the result. She looked much
like her mother since she became a bottle blond she looked more like porn star
Ginger Lynn. In the last year Kelly's body began to fill out quite nicely. Her
dress had become more revealing and so did her sexuality.

 She was passed out all right. She was laid out on the couch, her blue eyes
now shut. Her cropped shirt revealed her trim belly and just barely covered
her noticably adult breasts. I called her name several times and even shook
her shoulder with absolutely no response. I lifted her off the couch and
carried her to her room, laying her on the bed carefully. As I laid her down,
her shirt snagged briefly on my belt, then springing free reveiling much of
her left breast. I didn't think anything of it and instictively reached to
cover her. Just as my hand reached her shirt, Kelly shifted her sleeping body,
totally exposing her tit, pressing it briefly into to my unexpected hand. My
hand quicky pulled away, my pinky catching on her raised nipple. Her breast
shook slightly before returning to stillness. I replaced her shirt correctly
and stood above her. I felt a stirring in my crotch as I gazed over her trim
firm body.

 I left the room and headed for the kitchen for a beer. I was dissapointed but
not surprised to find that Kelly and her friend had drank them all. I
remembered the whiskey bottle on the table where Kelly was passed out.
Reaching for the bottle I found it to be nearly empty. No wonder she was so
fucked up. I poured myself a large shot and downed it quickly. I sat back as
my mind couldn't forget the brief but erotic experience in Kelly's room. My
cock began to get hard at the thought of seeing her bare tit. I thought back
to the other erotic sights I had seen. There was the time I walked into her
room to call her for dinner and found her asleep on her bed. She was laying on
her stomach wearing this same crop top shirt and a pair of tiger striped
panties. She had the nicest ass I had ever seen. Thoughts of tracing that
panty line with my tongue raced through my head. She was my daughter, but how
much can a man take. I thought of this summer when she proudly displayed her
incredible tan to me by pulling her bikini bottoms down slightly for me to
see, "Isn't this the best tan Daddy?". I had nodded agreement still gazing at
the small patch of pubic hair that also was visible. I watched her as she made
some ice tea, noting how nice and rounded her breasts had become, bouncing
slightly with each step. More than once I had come home late and heard the
sounds of her getting fucked by some lucky young stud. I promised each time I
would give her a father daughter talk, but just never got around to it. One
night I had woke up thirsty and headed to the kitchen. Passing her door I
heard a strange buzzing sound and listening closer, her moans. I stood there
awhile, slowly masturbating until I heard her moans increase to the soft cries
of orgasm. I shot my load all over the carpet outside her door. The next day,
while she was at school I found the mystery sound in her panty drawer. It was
a huge vibrating dildo. She hadn't washed it and I could still see by the film
her pussy juices left, how deep she stuck it inside her. I had mastubated that
afternoon at the thought of planting a hidden camera in her room to catch her
on film.

  I had already downed the remaining whiskey while i thought, chugging
straight from the bottle. I found myself in Kelly's room again, giving myself
the excuse that I should check on her again to see if she was okay. I called
her name softly but she remained out cold in the same position I had left her
before. I knelt next to her bed and called her name again, shaking her
shoulder. Nothing. I put my hand on her belly and rub gently in small circles.
I watched her face for any response. She had a little upturned nose that gave
her a 'you'd love to fuck me, but i'm a bitch' look. She had a little mouth
with pursed lips that seemed born to suck cock. My cock was raging hard now
but told myself that I just wanted another brief glance at those gorgeous
tits. My circles were getting bigger so that my hand slipped under her shirt
grazing the bottoms of her breasts. The next time around my hand stopped as it
reached the roundness of her breast. My other hand, which had been stroking my
now exposed cock, lifted her shirt over those beautiful mounds, and quickly
returned to my throbbing cock. My free hand cupped around her breast, feeling
it's fullness. My thumb played with her nipple, which began to harden. I
stared at her creamy white tits which were emphasized by her contrasting
bronze tan. They were so soft in my hand, but practically begged to be sucked.
I leaned over and kissed her trim belly working up to her tits which i began
to suckle almost immediately. I could'nt believe I was sucking my own
daughter's tits. Suddenly I felt my self coming and there was no stopping it.
I stood up just in time to send my first shot of cum across Kelly's cheek and
into her hair. The next load exploded onto her shoulder and neck. I aimed the
third shot lower and it struck her left breast. I continued spraying my
daughter's tits with my cum until my knees got weak. I watch as my cum pooled
between her tits and then slowly oozed its way down her belly, filling her
navel and then running off her side onto the bed.

 I was feeling a little guilty as I went to the bathroom to get a towel to
wipe her off. It wasn't really incest was it? It's not like I fucked her or
anything. I had better clean her up and get to bed.

 As I returned to her room I pictured my cum hitting her tits and felt my cock
begin to grow again. I started to relish the thought wiping her boobs clean of
my white globs. I liked the thought of my jism rubbed into her skin. That had
always been a point of intense erotisism for me. Once after seeing Stu's wife
Sandy give her weekly apperance, this time in an see thru nighty I had gotten
raging hardon. They both obviously enjoyed her exhibitions as did the rest of
the guys. A little later I went to relieve myself and while in the bathroom I
saw her Perfumed body lotion and my cock got hard. I took the bottle and
unscewed the pump top. I began mastubating at the thought of Sandy rubbing my
cum all over her tits, face and ass. I came quickly, shooting a huge load into
the bottle. I replaced the cap and shook it gently to mix it up. Every week
since then I repeated this after seeing her and knowing she had just rubbed my
cum onto her breasts.

 When I entered her room I was suprised to find that Kelly had rolled over on
her stomach, my cum now wiped into her clean sheets. "Kelly? Are you awake?".
She lay motionless. I watched her for a moment, picturing the time I found her
asleep in the same position wearing only her tiger panties. I wonder if she
could be wearing them now. My cock jumped to a full erection at the thought. I
had to see. I walked over to her and shook her gently. "Kelly?". Nothing. I
climbed on the bed kneeling next to her knees. I put my hands on either side
of her nylex bike pants, flipped the top edge over and slid them down slowly,
noting how easily the material slid over itself. If she hadn't been wearing
those same tiger panties I swear I would have stopped there. My hands kept
moving, revealing more and more of those panties as well as her perfectly
rounded ass. I slipped the pants past her knees and then her feet and tossed
them on the floor. I returned my attention to my beautiful daughter, spreading
her legs slightly so that I could lie between them, my elbows on each side of
her legs and face hovering over her firm buttocks. I kissed each cheek and
then fulfilled one of my fantasies by tracing with my tongue along the edge of
her panty line. My cock was raging for attention and my hips accomodated it by
slowly grinding it against the bed. With my hand I moved the panty to the side
so I could get to more of my daughter's lovely ass. What I saw then almost
made me come right then. It was undisputedly a lipstick mark in the shape of
lips. Her girlfriend had already been down here kissing her ass and sucking on
her pussy. Kelly was bisexual! I pictured her spread eagled on the couch with
her friend Lisa's head buried into her bush. I kissed the spot Lisa had been
earlier, sliding her panties further to the side. I then decided that as much
as I loved these panties, I would love them more if they were laying crumpled
on the floor.

 I returned to my knees and carefully removed my daughters panties, totally
revealing her gorgeous ass. I brought her panties to my face, inhaling the
wonderful musky odor that emenated from them. I noticed that they were a
little stiff  at the crouch area, most likely from the juices that contiued to
leak even after her cunt licking session with Lisa. After one last sniff I
tossed them to their rightful place on the floor and then resumed my previous
position between her legs. I heard Kelly's deep breathing as I my kisses
covered her entire ass. I could do this for eternity, I thought. I slowly
pulled her cheeks apart as my kisses traveled further into her crack. I zoomed
in on her pink little hole as my face burrowed into her ass. I planted a firm
kiss right on her hole and began to insert my tongue into the tiny opening. I
her totally relaxed state, her asshole accepted my intruding tongue without a
fight. I continued my tongue fucking for a few minutes when Kelly made a noise
and tried to roll over onto her back. I froze in place, my heart skipping a
beat. Geting my wits back, I sat up allowing her body to roll over. She
returned to her heavy breathing and I knew she was still out. She still had
her shirt on, but it was pulled up to her chin, totally exposing her firm
young tits. Her near naked body glistened in the soft light. I saw the
spaterring of dried cum spots stiil on her tits and face.

 I spread her legs and lowered myself down again, this time her pussy only
inches from my face. It was neatly shaven with only a strip of pubic hair
running north to south. Her pussy and inner thighs were covered with lipstick
marks. I only wish I could watch as Lisa spread my little girls legs and
licked her sweet pussy. I began to trace Lisa's lipstick trail all around
Kelly's fragrent snatch. I could feel drops of pre-cum oozing out my cock,
realizing i needed to come soon. With my tongue I parted my daughters pussy
lips, tasting her sweetness. I had to fight the incredible urge to climb up on
her and jam my throbbing cock in and fuck her until I emptied my load. Damn
it, she is my daughter, I shouldn't have touched her in the first place. I
continued licking her slowly, debating whether to screw her or not when
another idea popped into my head.

 I got up off the bed and went quickly to her dresser. I opened her panty
drawer and searched until I found what I was looking for, her 14 inch
vibrating dildo. I returned to the bed and laid on my side next to Kelly, my
face overlooking her bush and my cock up by her cum spattered face. I placed
the end of the huge rubber dick at the entrance of her love hole. I rubbed the
tip up and down her pink slit and around her clit. Kelly then shifted her body
again, spreading her legs a little wider. I let the cock slide in a little
deeper, getting about half the enormous head into her. Kelly began to moan
softly, spreading her legs even wider. She was beginning to wake up. Just a
few minutes longer I thought, risking being caught was worth this pleasure, my
still drunken mind rationalized. I began to slide the head of the dildo in and
out her now very wet pussy. "Lick my pussy Lisa. Oh yeeeesss" she suddenly
moaned out load. I increased the speed and depth of my dildo fucking. "Fuck me
Lisa! Fuck my cunt!" she cried out softly. Her hand reached down between her
legs and began to rub her clit while I pumped her cunt. I was entranced as I
watched her hand take control of the dildo while continuing the pumping
action. I was about to stand up and wack off again onto her lovely body when I
felt an warm wetness around my cock. I looked down to see my daughters lips
wrapped around my cock. I watched unbelievingly as my cock dissappered and
reappeared from Kelly's mouth. I think if my cocked wasn't numbed slightly
from the alchohol I would have shot my load right then. I couldn't come in her
mouth, that would truly be incest, but since she was already sucking I decided
it was alright for her to continue. With my now free hand I began to roam over
her body towards her tits. I began to fondle them alternately, pinching her
erect nipples much rougher than before. The sloshing sound between her legs
increased along with the suction/slurping sounds from her mouth. I pinched
hard and she let out a cry. Her hips began to churn wildly. She threw her head
back on the pillow as her body began to convulse wildly, "Oh god
Ohgodohgodohgodohgod" she cried aloud. She pulled the dildo out of her cunt
and startled me with "Fuck me, Fuck me daddy, please fuck me!!!!!". No, I
can't, I thought. "Please fuck me daddy, your daughter needs your cock now".
Her eyes were closed as she let out a last "Pleeeeeeeeease" I coouldn't take
anymore. I  got between her tanned legs, grabbed her tiny ankles and put them
on my shoulders. I took my cock, pointed it at her steamy hole and plunged in.
"Oh yes!!!!!!!! Fuck me daddy! Fuck me hard!" On my knees I held her legs
straight up as I began to pound my daughters pussy. With each slam I watched
her tits bounce back and forth. I thought about pulling out and coming those
creamy white tits when she breathlessly pleaded for me to come inside. When
she said that, I laid over her, pinning her knees back to her shoulders and
fucked for all I was worth. I didn't care anymore, I was going to come in my
gorgeous daughter's sweet pussy. I felt my orgasm building and pumped harder.
Kelly was now crying out in pleasure.

 I felt my cum begin flooding into my daughter's young body as I heard myself
crying out. Wave after wave racked body. I had never come as hard before in my
life. Kelly was still moaning as I let her legs fall back to my sides. I
kissed her neck and gave each breast one final kiss. I sat up on my knees,
moaning slightly as my cock slid out of her tight pussy. She looked so
beautiful laying there, I wish she wasn't my daughter. "don't go daddy" Kelly
whispered, "Stay here with me. Please." I laid  on the bed next to her and she
rolled half on top of me, straddling my leg. "Maybe Lisa will join us next
time. Would you like that daddy?" Before I could answer her she was asleep. I
can't believe I just fucked my daughter, I must really be perverted or
something. The thing is is that I would love to do it again, that is, if she
didn't hate me in the morning.

 The next morning I awoke with a hardon and my daughter's lips wrapped around
it. She was slowly pumping my cock with her hot mouth. My cock had gotten all
its sensitivity back, enjoying the wonderful sensation of her tongue swirling
around the head. I watched as her head moved slowly up and down, my cock
dissapearing into her face. She began to go faster as my hips started moving
by themselves. I felt my orgasm building. "Kelly, I'm going to come." She only
pumped harder. I closed my eyes and put my hand on the back of her blond head
and pulled into my body. She relaxed her neck and let me control the pumping
action. I pulled her head down hard on my cock as my hips began to pump into
her face. I thought my cock would explode as my cock slammed into her mouth. I
started shooting cum down my daughter's throat. I felt her sucking harder,
swallowing every drop of my cum. I let go of her head and she sucked me dry.

 "I gotta get going, I'm late for work" she said. I just closed my eyes and
returned to my slumber. I heard the shower and then watched, half asleep, my
daughter get dressed and leave. "I love you daddy!" she chirped as she closed
the door and left. "Me too." I murmered. This was going to be a great day.
--
