+---------------------------------------------------------------+
|                    *** DISCLAIMER ***                         |
|                                                               |
| This is a story of pure fiction.  Any resemblance to persons  |
| living or dead, incidents real or imagined, places real or    |
| imagined, is purely coincidental.                             |
|                                                               |
|         IF YOU ARE UNDER 18, DO NOT READ FURTHER.             |
|                                                               |
| No part of this story may be reproduced on any media of any   |
| kind without the written permission of the author.            |
|                                                               |
+---------------------------------------------------------------+


                             - 9 -


   Zoe pushed me across the room and sat me in a large overstuffed
chair.  She walked back to her bed and turned toward me.  She smiled
and looked terribly pleased with herself.  She picked up her panties,
the white ones I had selected, and slowly, carefully, gracefully
slipped first one foot and then the other through the openings.  With
incredible sensuality, she pulled them slowly up her legs and seated
them around her hips.  She smoothed them all over with her fingertips.
It was a striptease in reverse, but like none I could have imagined.

   Next, she pulled first one, and then the other of her knitted navy
blue knee socks over each leg in turn.  She folded over the tops so
that there was a small cuff just below her knee.  She twirled for me.
I smiled, what else could I do.  I had an incredible erection now,
hidden, well somewhat hidden, by my underpants.  Now Zoe climbed into
her pleated gray skirt.  It was short, stopping midway between her
crotch and her knees.  And the last piece, her bulky white sweater,
was hoisted into the air over her head as she slid her arms into the
long sleeves.  The sweater flowed over her head and draped about her,
resting lightly on her hips, hips that barely projected beyond the
rest of her.

   "What do you think?" she bubbled as she twirled again.

   "It's... you," was all I could muster.

   Zoe retrieved her black laced shoes.  She slipped her feet into
each one, then brought first one and then the other up to her chair to
tie them.  It was the last shoe and her knee was bent.  She rested her
chin on her knee as she worked to weave the laces into the required
bow.  She looked at me.  Then she did the thing that first turned me
on at the mall.  She started to lick her knee.  She licked it and
kissed it.  She frowned.

   "I can't get this bow!" she cried.  "Help me."

   So I got up out of my audience chair and went to help Zoe.  I bent
over and started to tie her shoe.  When I looked up, Zoe was looking
right at me.  Her tongue was skating around the top of her knee and she
was smiling.

   "What?" I asked.

   "Nothing," she replied.  Then, "Only... it feels nice."

   "The laces?"

   "No, silly.  This."  And she waved her tongue at me.  "Wanna try
it?"

   This felt like the beginning of phase two of my torture.  I thought
there was nothing between us, but now...  "What do you want me to do?"

   "Lick where I lick," whispered Zoe.

   So Zoe licked all over her bent knee.  Then she moved her face away
and looked at me.

   "Now you," she said and reached her hand out around the back of my
head.  She pulled my face down to her knee.  I could smell her saliva.
Her knee was still shiny wet.  "Go ahead."

   And I did.  Zoe giggled as my tongue darted all over her knee.

   "Now me," as she pushed me away.  She licked over the saliva I had
left there.  She started to breath harder.  "Now you."

   I licked again.  Zoe's knee was getting wet.

   "Now kiss it.  Like this."  And she french-kissed her knee all
over.  "Now you."

   So I kissed Zoe's knee the way she showed me and she was breathing
even harder now.  So was I.  And without pushing me away, Zoe started 
kissing her knee alongside me.  Both our mouths slid over the now
slick skin of her knee.  Zoe started to pant.  I was turned on too.
Her tongue darted out from her mouth and mine did the same.  Our
tongues met and retreated and met again.  Zoe grabbed the back of my
head and held it in place as she brought her tongue and her lips
against mine.  Our heads came up and Zoe pressed her mouth against me.
Her mouth went completely inside mine and she rubbed her lips against
my teeth.  I spread my teeth apart and our tongues fought a fierce
battle within our cheeks.  Then Zoe broke away.  She looked at me with
a look I didn't understand.  She was serious, adult.  She panted, as
she licked her lips.  She smacked them.

   "I have to be there by lunch time."

   "Be there?  Be where?"

   "School.  I have to be there by lunch."

   "We have plenty of time to get you..."

   "We'll have to be quick."

   "We have over three..."

   "You want me, don't you?"

   "What?"

   "You want me.  I could tell in the spa.  Last night.  You want me."

   I was floored.  Of course I wanted her.  From the moment she bent
over at the mall and her dress caught on her hip I wanted her.

   "But..."

   "I know.  I can tell."  Zoe looked around.  She got up and walked
to the window.  "He's gone.  There's only us here now.  I have to be
at school before lunch.  You can tell them I was at the doctor's or
something.  That's what Uncle Steven always does."

   Uncle Steven always does that, huh?  Something wasn't right here.
The problem was, I wanted this to happen.  Zoe turned and smiled.  She
had changed somehow.  Or I had changed.  I didn't know which.  But it
didn't matter to me anymore.  I was a boulder and I was already
rolling down the hill.

   Zoe walked back to her bed and climbed up onto her chair.  She
stood facing the wall.

   "Careful," I said instinctively.

   She turned toward me.  She bent down and ran her hands slowly,
suggestively, up her leg, past the top of the knee sock, over her knee
and up her leg.  She dragged her skirt up as she went until her hands
came to rest on her panties.  Then she let the hem of her skirt drop
and repeated the process with the other leg.  She held out her hand to
me.

   "Now you."  Those words nearly made me pass out.  I stood up and
both Zoe and I could see the bulge in my underpants and the wet spot
near the top that was growing larger by the moment.

   As I closed the distance between us, I could feel my legs shake.  I
was so incredibly excited.  And now I stood only about a foot away
from the delicious child.  Zoe put her hands on my shoulder.  I looked
into her eyes.  They sparkled.  I could feel her hands as they pressed
on me and urged me on.  I bent over and surrounded one of her ankles
with both hands.  I slid my hands up her knee sock clad leg, massaging
her through the knitted fabric as I went.  I loved the shape of her.

   My hands reached the folded top of the sock and then skimmed over
it onto her bare knee.  She was warm and smooth and soft.  I let my
hands linger over her knee and my fingers explored the folds and
depressions all around the front and back.  Then I moved my hands up
her leg.  Zoe's skin became warmer and smoother.  I moved my hands all
over her inner thigh.  My fingertips first found the elastic of her
panties that covered her hip.  I pressed on her skin and my fingers
slid beneath the elastic.  I opened my hand and moved it in circles
over her hip, then back to her little ass cheek.  It was firm and a
joy to touch.  My other hand slid between her legs.  It was warm,
almost hot.  I positioned my hand so that my fingers extended between
her legs and my thumb now came to rest on the part of her panties that
covered her tiny mound.  Zoe let out a little moan.  I could feel that
little slit beneath the cloth.  The panties were slightly moist there.
I pressed harder.  Zoe moaned again.  I moved my hand up and down
slowly, making sure my thumb pressed and rubbed over her slit.

   Zoe started to squirm a bit.  Sensing her and wanting to keep this
feeling going, I slid my thumb under the elastic and started to rub
the tiny slit of her cunt directly.  I pressed by thumb in and out of
Zoe's slit.  I found the little bump that was her clit.  It was
surrounded by wet little folds of skin.  I pressed on it lightly and
moved my thumb around and around.  It became more and more slippery
the longer I rubbed it.  Zoe started to twitch slightly.

   Then, for no apparent reason, Zoe pushed me away.  The elastic of
her panties snapped loudly as my hands were pulled free.  I felt as
though someone had hit me over the head with a two-by-four.  She
jumped to the floor and grabbed my hand.  She walked me past the
window and glanced quickly outside.  Seemingly satisfied, she pulled
me over to the bed.  She jumped onto the sheets, giggling as she went.
She rolled onto her back and kicked her legs into the air.  Her skirt
flew up and when it came down, it landed folded back on her chest,
exposing her legs and panties.  She pulled her legs up and spread them
open, frogleg-style.  She rubbed her hands over her crotch, now
clearly soaking wet.

   "Love me," she panted.  "Please."

   I could feel my heart beating loud and hard.  I wondered if Zoe
could hear it too.  I looked out the window.  It seemed to be the
thing to do.  The street was empty.  My car was still in the driveway.
We had the house to ourselves.  I crawled over the foot of the bed
toward Zoe.  Toward my love.  She was looking into my eyes as she
stroked her cunt inside her panties.  I crawled over her and bent
down.  I began to kiss her panties, even as she continued to rub
herself.  I kissed the fabric as her hand moved beneath it.  Now I
reached up and took her arm and pulled her hand out.  I pressed my
face against the soaking wet panties.  I pursed my lips and pressed
the fabric into her slit.  The aroma was intoxicating.

   Zoe threw her hands over her head as I moved my face off her.  She
moaned and I couldn't wait any longer.  I pushed myself up and grabbed
her ankles, pulling her legs straight as I did.  I slid my fingers
into the elastic waistband of her panties and pulled them from her,
down her legs, and over her shoes.  I tossed them against the wall.
Now I spread her legs wide, back to the way she had them.  I bent down
again, but this time I was greeted by her moist cunt lips, begging for
me.  I started to lick all around the outer lips.  I licked and licked
with a tongue I could barely control.  Her skin became shiny wet with
my saliva.  And the wetness mixed with everything that was still there
from her adventures of last night.  I licked at the little smears of
lipstick.

   Now my tongue found its way to the top of her slit.  I pushed it in
and started to press it against her tiny clit.  Zoe twitched each time
my tongue touched the little bump.  She opened her legs even wider,
pulling the outer lips of her little cunt apart.  I licked around her
clit and along each side of it, down into the slender caverns that
surrounded it.  Zoe started to make little whimpering sounds.  She
twitched her hips each time my tongue passed over the sensitive tip
of her clit.  She had begun to perspire.  So had I.  Now I jabbed my
tongue in and out of her cunt, pushing it in as far as I possibly
could each time.  The surface of Zoe's little mound was getting wetter
and slipperier each second.

   I reached out and held the calves of her legs in my hands.  I
straightened her legs and pushed them as far apart as I could.  Zoe
let out a little cry.  I looked up at her.

   "You okay," I asked.

   "Uh huh," she managed to mutter.

   Zoe turned her head from side to side and arched her back so her
hips pushed up toward me, begging me to continue.  So I did.  And as
I licked and kissed and sucked at the child, her whimpers turned to
cries of ecstasy.  I began to move my mouth all around between her
legs, stopping often at her slit and wildly licking her clit.  My
mouth and all of the skin between Zoe's legs was now soaking wet.

   Then, suddenly, I could see wave after wave of orgasm flow over
Zoe's tiny body.  She grunted and bucked and I had a difficult time
keeping my mouth on her.  Her legs went stiff.  Her whole body went
stiff.  Then it was over.  Her head was turned to one side and she
panted as if she had just finished a marathon.  I pushed myself up on
my hands and knees.  I looked all around the room but couldn't see it.

   Now Zoe turned toward me.  She propped herself up on her elbows and
looked at me through hooded eyes.  With her lips swollen from passion
and with the child's equivalent of a husky voice, she said, "Now me."


                            *  *  *

------------------------- (End of Chapter 9) -------------------------
------------ (Comments, pro or con, are always welcome) --------------

