From ???@0x000033E8 Tue Jul 22 18:08:59 1997
Path: newsfeed.san.rr.com!news-out.internetmci.com!infeed1.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.erols.net!portc02.blue.aol.com!audrey02.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
From: homeshows@aol.com (HomeShows)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: 1st blk  Bm wf inter
Date: 22 Jul 1997 04:23:35 GMT
Lines: 304
Message-ID: <19970722042301.AAA29154@ladder02.news.aol.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ladder02.news.aol.com
X-Admin: news@aol.com
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Status: O


                                  1STBLACK.TXT

                                 The First Time

      Joni and I had been married several years when the subject of Black
men
first came up. She told me one night, while we were fucking, that she had
fantasized about fucking a extremely well hung Black man. She said she had
always wondered if what they said about Black men's cocks was true. I told
her
what I had seen in the showers on-board ship while I was in the Navy. Some
of
those guys had cocks that would make a horse green with envy. This really
turned her on. She got on top of my cock, shut her eyes and fucked my
brains
out. I could tell by her frenzied pace that she was thinking about what I
had
told her.

      Quickly she started to come, I could feel her juices flowing down
onto my
balls as her first orgasm turned into her second. Then I started thinking
about
watching her get thoroughly fucked by a big Black cock. After about ten
seconds
of this I started cumming with her. Afterward we both calmed down and
talked
about the fantasy. She admitted that someday she would like to fuck a
Black
cock and sheepishly I told her I would like to watch. This was the first
time
we had ever discussed swinging. For several weeks after that we fantasized
about it, but then it sorta fadded away.

      Several months later we were at a college football game. We got to
the
game early and were drinking from a flask Joni had in her purse. A couple
of
Black men came to claim their seats next to Joni. As one passed in front
of
Joni, his crotch was merely inches from her face. He had on very thin
running
shorts and she could easily see the outline of a huge cock. She stared at
it
with great interest. She looked up and saw that he had seen her and she
quickly
looked away. After a moment she looked at me and realized I also had seen
her.
She quietly asked me if I was mad and I told her no. The incident was
forgotten
as the game started and we got involved in it. I started to watch Joni,
she was
trying to sneak looks at his crotch without him catching her, she was not
doing
a very good job. But I could tell buy the way she was pressing her legs
together she was starting to get turned on. Apparently the Black man
noticed
too because the next time Joni looked at the field, I saw him reach in his
shorts and pull his cock down his leg. It was a monster. Joni looked again
and
gasped. She just stared at it and grabbed my leg. She looked away, at me,
at
him and then back at his cock. His cock was starting to swell, as it did
her
hand on my leg got tighter and tighter. Just as things were starting to
get
interesting two girls, apparently their dates, came up. He stood up, his
cock
slide back in his shorts with the ridged outline still apparent to Joni
and
greeted the girls. He looked down at Joni and winked. She was frozen, she
did
not say or do anything for a moment then she leaned over to me and said
that
she wanted me to fuck her...now! She explained that it would be right here
if
we did not leave now, from the gaze in her eyes I could tell she meant it.
As
we went through the turnstiles I let my had slide between her legs. The
crotch
of her shorts were so wet, it was almost as if she had pissed in them. As
my
hand brushed her clit I felt her shudder. As soon as we got to the car she
had
my long since hard cock in her mouth and started to work on it with a
vengeance. It was all I could do to get the car started. As we left the
parking
lot we passed a highway patrolman directing traffic, he saw what was going
on
and yelled something. I shoved my hand between her legs and started to rub
her
cunt. By the time we hit the first stop light she was cumming in my hand
and
just as the light turned green I filled her mouth and throat with what
felt
like a bucket of come. I also left about 5000 miles worth of tire on the
road
as my foot jammed on the accelerator. We got home and spent the rest of
the
afternoon and most of the night fucking and talking about Black men. I
asked
her if she really wanted to try Black cock but she would only say it was a
fantasy. I must admit, the idea of watching her get fucked really was
having a
positive effect on my cock.

      Without Joni knowing I began trying to find a willing third to
fulfill
our fantasy. I went and bought a local Black swingers guide and answered
some
of the ads. Mostly the response was disappointing, but one man answered my
letter with additional pictures and his phone number. I called him and
explained the fantasy to him, he seemed interested but wanted to meet for
lunch
or drinks. I met him for lunch and took with me pictures of Joni. He was a
little upset that Joni was not with me but I explained that I wanted to
surprise her on her Birthday the next week. After looking at Joni's
pictures he
agreed and we discussed my plans for the surprise.

      On the day of Joni's birthday I got a baby sitter and took her out
to
dinner at a local dinner club. We danced and drank for a couple of hours
after
dinner. As we danced I starting telling her about a Black man that I had
met
that might be interested in fulfilling her fantasy. At the very mention of
that
she pushed her crotch into mine and kissed me. I told her a little about
him
and she was intrigued. As we sat down at the table she grabbed my cock and
asked where her gift was. I told I was embarrassed because I had left it
at the
house. She looked a little disappointed. I mentioned that I had
reservations at
a hotel and we need to get there soon or we would lose our room(another
football game in town). We checked into the room and I broke open a bottle
to
set the mood. I walked over and kissed her gently on the neck. She pushed
me
away and told me to sit down. I did and she slowly started to undress in a
very
seductive way. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse revealing a Black bodice
under
her blouse. She ran her hands across her breasts and slowly pulled one tit
from
within the bodice. Her nipples were fully erect. She then unzipped her
skirt
and let it drop to the floor. She stood there in a bodice, Black nylons
and
Black high heeled pumps. She then lay on the bed and started rubbing her
pussy.
I could see that she was already wet. She asked me to tell her about the
Black
man I had met. I pulled the chair closer to the bed and began to slowly
describe the way he looked. After a minute she dipped three fingers into
her
pussy and slowly worked them in and out. I could see her juices all over
her
hand. She took her other hand and started rubbing her large clit. She
looked me
in the eyes and asked me if he had a big cock. I told I did not know but
there
was a large bulge in his pants. About this time she stopped, pulled her
fingers
out of her pussy and reached for her purse. She took a very LARGE Black
dildo
out of her purse and asked me if I thought it was as big as this was. I
stuttered that I didn't know but certainly hoped so. She had never told me
that
she had a dildo. I asked her how long she had been using the dildo, she
said
she got it shortly after the football game. With that she slowly began
sucking
the head of it, it barely fit in her mouth. After it was glistening with
her
spit she took the head of it and rubbed it along her pussy lips stopping
at her
clit and rotating it in small circles. She then took the head of it and
pushed
it into her pussy. I thought it wasn't going to fit. It was so big it
buckled
as she tried to get it in. Then finally the head disappeared into her
pussy.
She looked at me and asked me if I wanted to see her fuck a Black cock. I
told
her yes and started rubbing my crotch. She then lay back on the bed and
slid
the dildo all the way into her pussy. The balls on the base were tight up
against her ass. She pushed her hips up against the base and moaned. She
then
pulled it all the way out and shoved it back in to the hilt. I couldn't
believe
that she could take anything that big so easily. It must have been easily
12"
and 7" across, not around but across. She started moving it in and out
faster
and faster, telling me how she wanted to be fucked by a Black man with a
cock
that big. Her eyes were closed and she was oblivious to everything around
her.
I got out of the chair and walked to the door to the adjoining hotel room.
As I
opened it standing there was the man I had lunch with. Apparently he had
been
listening through the door. He was naked and had a massive cock in his
hands,
slowly jerking it off. His dick was not as big as the dildo but it was
huge. He
looked past me at Joni on the bed shoving that rubber cock into her pussy.
She
was moaning loudly and bucking on the bed like nothing I had ever seen. He
winked at me and walked to the side of the bed. She still did not realize
that
someone else was in the room. After watching her for a moment he asked her
if
she wanted a real Black cock. She froze and turned beet red, I thought I
had
really fucked up but she instantly recovered and grabbed his rigid cock
with
her hand. She pulled the dildo out and tossed it on the other bed, it was
almost white with her cum. She looked at me and said that this is what she
really wanted. She sat up on the bed and took his cock into her mouth. She
slowly massaged his balls while trying to take his whole dick into her
throat.
She got most of it in but not quite. He grabbed the back of her head and
shoved
his cock down her throat. She took her hand from his balls and started
fingering herself with four fingers, in and out. I reached down, unzipped
my
pants and pulled my rock hard dick out. I sat down in the chair and
watched
them as I jerked off. He started moaning loudly and pumped cum into her
mouth
and she swallowed it greedily. I could not believe what I was seeing. He
pushed
her back on the bed and put his head between her legs, she started moaning
instantly. She started saying,"Fuck me, Fuck me with that big Black cock".
He
pulled his head from between her legs and replaced it with his still hard
cock.
When he put it in, he tried to shove it all in at once. I could see that
it
hurt her but she grabbed his ass and pulled him in. She held onto his ass
and
fucked him hard. He pounded his cock into her and she kept talking about
his
big Black cock. I was getting very close to the point of cumming when she
through her head back and started having orgasm after orgasm. They rippled
through her body like shock treatments. She must have had five or six in a
two
minute span. I came and it shot all over the floor and chair, I was
exhausted.
She told him she wanted to be on top. He pulled out and I could see her
cum all
over his cock and balls. The bed spread under her hips was also sopping
wet
with her juices. He lay back and she climbed on top of him. She took his
cock
in her hand and pushed the head of it up against her pussy, rubbing it
back and
fourth. Just as she was about to slide down onto it she moved the head
against
her ass hole and started to push down. She gyrated her hips in small
circles
trying to get it into her ass. He realized what she was trying to do and
started to slowly push his cock against her ass. As they both pushed the
head
of his cock disappeared into her ass, she forcefully let her breath out as
his
cock slowly stretched her ass. Ever so slowly she lowered herself, taking
more
and more of his Black meat into her virgin ass. As she impaled herself on
him
she looked at me and asked me if I liked what I was seeing. I stuttered
yes and
grabbed my cock, it was rock hard again. She began to raise and lower
herself
onto and off of his cock, in and out. Her head was starting to toss around
as
she felt more comfortable with it. He grabbed he hips and started moving
her up
and down, his hands were so tight on her hips they were leaving red marks.
She
began to moan very deeply, as they quickened their pace her moans became
higher
pitched to the point of becoming a shrill. His body tightened as he
started to
come, she arched her back and started having orgasms. They both were
moaning
and grabbing each others body. She had several more orgasms then collapsed
onto
his chest. Her ass was facing me and I could see his cock still twitching
deep
in her ass from his orgasm. After a moment she looked at me and told me it
was
my turn and asked him to leave. As he went back to his room he asked us to
call
him again, I said we would. Joni and I spent the rest of the night fucking
and
sharing the experience over again.


