
                                  BRENBLK3.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                             Brenda's Enlightenment
                                   Chapter 3

      I guess that you can tell by what my husband Bobby has written that I had
him well on the road to servitude.  That was my intention from the first day I
met him.  Marry him, then make him my slave!  I just didn't think it would be
so easy, I mean, it took less than a week.  What a wimp!  Pretty soon after we
started going out I could tell that he was one of those white guys that was
insecure about his sexual abilities (because of my looks, men have been
continually coming on to me since I was thirteen, so a girl like me gets pretty
good at sizing up a mans psychological profile -- not to mention sizing up
other things).  I tested my theory of Bobby by seductively flirting with
aggressive black men in front of him and his reaction was always the same -- my
wimpy white boyfriend became a pitiful, whiny submissive. I knew then that this
was a boy I could find a use for. I married him a few months later.

      It would be fair to say that I'm a very sexually active young lady,
though most of the men I service would say that I'm just an insatiable slut.  I
grew up as the youngest child in a large family (five brothers) that was very
strict morally and very protective of me since I was the only girl.  All the
moralizing pressure they applied toward me must have backfired because I always
had this overwhelming desire to be shamefully naughty. I was always sneaking
peeks at my brothers penis's when they left the bathroom door ajar while taking
a piss and I would take several of the neighborhood boys behind the school to
play show and tell.  By the time I was thirteen I was quite well developed,
physically, and discovered that even adult men were now drooling over my
appearance. I began to spend my free time around the activities center of the
local university and from there my sexual life took off in a big way! There
were always lots of university boys around to flirt with and it was about this
time I discovered the scrumptious joys of prick teasing.

      All I had to do was find some excuse for bending over while wearing a
short skirt and I had every boys undivided attention. Or I would inadvertently
brush my hand over a crotch.  I especially liked this maneuver because it
allowed me to size the boy up.  My favorite trick was to stare at a boys bulge,
as though in a daze, while licking my cherry-red lips and watch his bulge grow
in his tight jeans until he began squirming uncomfortably.  Pretty soon I was
leading boys off to some hiding place to see their cocks; hold them in my hand
and even practice learning how to properly suck them.  Back at my own school I
got my kicks by teasing some of my male teachers by wearing short skirts with
no panties, sitting on the front row and occasionally spreading my legs just
enough for them to get a glimpse.  It satisfied me to discover that I gave them
hard-ons as well.

      By the time I graduated high school, I thought that I was an expert slut
on the subject of cock sizes.  Little did I know that a whole new level of
comprehension was just over the horizon.  That summer I took a bus into the
city to apply for admission to the downtown university. It was much larger and
more cosmopolitan than the college in my neighborhood and, by living in the
dormitories, it offered me a chance to get away from my family.  They had heard
rumors of my sexual exploits and had become impossibly oppressive.  My brothers
followed me everywhere in order to "protect" me.

      Once I arrived near downtown, I had to transfer to the subway, which was
jam packed!  I managed to squeeze in next to this muscular black hunk.  He gave
me a smile like I'd seen a thousand times before and I felt a familiar little
tingle between my legs.  I ignored it though and turned my thoughts toward my
day ahead.  After all, he was a black man and I was a white girl and white
girls just shouldn't be interested in black men -- at least that's what my
daddy and my brothers always taught me -- rather emphatically now that I think
about it.  The subway car stopped at another terminal and even more people
crammed themselves in and I found myself pressed tight against the tall, black
buck. My face was actually pressed against his broad chest and I felt his
muscular hardness while inhaling his musky, masculine aroma.  I also noticed
another hardness when I became aware of the fact that the palm of my hand was
pressed into his crotch.  My first reaction was that he must have had something
very large in his pocket, like a summer sausage.  But then I thought,'how could
he keep it so warm?' A few moments later while I still pondered this question,
I suddenly gasped in shock --  Not only was that summer sausage getting bigger,
it was actually throbbing!!

      I instantly knew what had to be true, yet I still resisted. 'No way', I
frantically thought, 'no man could be this big. I should know! I've felt
hundreds of crotches and none of them, not a single one, was even half this
much!' I glanced up with my baby blues to find out if this was for real and the
confident gaze that met mine removed any doubt. This stud wasn't faking it!

      The subway car arrived at the university and the crowd began to exit the
car. I copped a few more squeezes on that incredible monster while the black
stud leaned over and squeezed my buns before disappearing into the crowd.  I
was left to sort out what had just happened. Everything I thought I knew about
cock size had to be reassessed. This was my first black encounter and by far
the largest cock I had encountered -- did this indicate that... no, surely not.
My father and brothers had told me a number of times that "those niggers aren't
any bigger than any other man. That's just an old wives tale you heard." After
what had just happened I wasn't so sure anymore and I began to question why the
men in my family were so bigoted.  What were they really afraid of? I knew that
was a question I just had to find out for myself!!

      I took care of my business at the administration office then spent the
rest of the morning strolling around the campus in a daze wondering how long
that black man was, what it would feel like in my mouth, how it would taste! My
mouth started watering and oooh, there was that delicious tingle again.  My
only regret about the subway experience was that it didn't happen someplace a
little more private where I would have had the nerve to pull that big, black
babymaker outfor a closer inspection.  Oh wow, but I was getting extremely
horny!!

      I noticed, among the countless students, that there were a lot of
handsome black men hanging around the student activities center between
classes. Perhaps I should try my routine on one of them to see if that subway
guy was just a fluke.  I selected one particularly tall and muscular stud for
the very reason that he was eyeing me as though I were the only girl in the
building.  I went through my always successful tricks (bending over, brushing
my tits against his arm, leaning into his crotch, etc...) and pretty soon I had
him leading me too a semiprivate place he knew of (it turned out to be a
storage closet).

      With countless students passing by within just a few feet of us, that
black stud grabbed my petite body with his powerful black hands and pulled me
into the massive bulk of his chest. I never felt more powerless or more turned
than I was at that moment. Pulling my hair, he forced me too look up and his
thick lips then pressed to mine while his tongue worked it's way into my mouth.
I lost all control and began to suck on the black mans tongue as though it were
a cock -- it was in fact as big as any cock I had ever sucked.  Instinctively,
I reached for his bulge and was ecstatic to find it was as big as the subway
guy's had been.  I was frantically fumbling with his button-fly when my stud
told me to let him undo it.  I breathlessly fell to my knees, whimpering and
swallowing a lot, while I watched a masterpiece unfolding inches in front of my
face. When that monstrosity finally sprang free I let out a gasp so loud I
feared the students just outside must have heard me.  At first, I couldn't
comprehend what I was seeing!  There was nothing in my lily-white past that was
even remotely comparable to this black horse-hung cock.


                        ..............to be continued in
                           BRENDA GETS BLACKED! CH. 4

