     I was in her ass, driving my cock in and out as she continued
to scream.  She was coming.  And coming.  And coming.  "Fuck my
ass!  Harder!  Harder!!"  Her cunt was going off, and her body was
trembling.  She was breathing so hard I thought she might be having
a heart attack.  "Oohhhhhhhh!" she gasped.  "I'm coming, you ass-
fucker!"
     I grabbed her by the tits and pulled myself even farther into
her quaking asshole.  And then I felt it in my cock, back near my
balls.  It was a violent tremor followed by a violent explosion as
I started coming deep inside her ass.  My cum poured into her butt
in long spurts.  Hot jism was running down her asscheeks and thighs
as she overflowed.  I just kept coming, coming two or three times
while still buried in her ass.  Peggy was still coming.  All I had
to do was shove my cock an inch or two into her and she'd come
again.  She was moaning and crying, and half out of her head.  It
was heaven.
     Suddenly I felt something alongside of us and I realized we
weren't alone.  Lucy and Allison in all their naked glory were on
the bed beside us eating each other's pussy.
     They were soaking wet and really eating those cunts.  First
one, then the other would dive in.  A little pink tongue would
snake into a creaming honey pot and the other would cry out and
clamp her legs around the head of the one doing the eating.
     I wanted Lucy.  She reminded me so much of Leslie I couldn't
wait to get at her.  Reluctantly, I pulled my still hard cock out
of Peggy's steaming ass and pulled Lucy off Allison's cunt.  "Are
you going to fuck me now?" she asked me eagerly.  "You bet your ass
I am!" I answered.
     "Not my ass, do it to my pussy," Lucy said.  Her eyes seemed
glazed.  Allison's mouth had done its work on her.  She looked
great.  Her breasts were swollen, the nipples distended and pointed
straight at me.  I leaned over and kissed one of them and she
pulled my head against it.  She reached for my cock and began to
run her fingers along its length.
     I took her by the hand and pulled her up, leading her to her
bedroom so that Allison and Peggy could be alone.  As we were
leaving I saw Allison settle down between Peggy's lush, opened
thighs.  She buried her face in Peggy's muff.  After a moment Peggy
began to whimper as she came again.
     Lucy pulled me into her room and onto her bed, and I was
ready.  She spread herself out, on her back and I thought for a
moment that I was looking at Leslie.  Lucy was not quite as tall
but her coloring was the same.  Her cunt was blonde and wispy.  Not
a lot of pubic hair and what there was was soft and did nothing to
cover those red lips that were reaching out for my cock.  Her cunt
lips were wet and slick and red and open, inviting me inside.
I couldn't resist them.  I bent over and began to tongue her. 
She moaned and tried to push my head away.  "No.  I've had enough
tongue.  I want some hot, hard cock - and I want it now!" she
demanded.
     I knelt between her legs and placed the head of my raging cock
against the gleaming cuntal lips she offered.  I could feel her
lips pulsing as I thrust deeply into her.  We began to bump and
grind our hips against each other, my cock sliding from one end of
her pussy to the other.  It was like a wet, hot oven.  We were out
of control.  Our thrusts at each other no longer a steady pace.  We
frantically drove at each other, colliding in ecstasy.  My cock
stabbed into her cunt, and her cunt grasped my cock tightly.  I
could feel a stirring in my balls.  The cum was beginning to boil
over.
     Now Lucy was pushing me away from her chest and stuffing a
breast in my mouth.  "Suck it!  Bite it!" she screamed.  "Make me
cum and cum!"  She was almost incoherent.
     I sucked her and fucked her as hard and fast as I could.  She
came without warning.  It was frantic.  Her body began to thrash
beneath me, her breath coming in gasps as she gulped for air.  Her
whole body was convulsing.  Just as suddenly I began pouring a load
of hot sperm into her that was a flood of molten cum.  I kept
coming, and so did she.  We seemed to be bathed in cum, hers and
mine.  Now it was pouring down her trembling legs.
     We lay in each other's arms, calming down, and every so often
her pussy would give a convulsive twitch and grip my cock tightly,
and I'd come a little more.  My cock was actually still hard, and
I wasn't about to take it out of that warm, furry nest.  We fell
asleep this way, cock in cunt, our arms wrapped around each other.
     I dreamt I was fucking Leslie, and the body against me began
to respond.  I was pounding my cock deep into Lucy when Allison
awakened me.  "It's my turn now, Dick.  No more for Lucy until I
get mine!"
     Slowly I got up, my still-erect hardon all slippery and
excited.  Lucy opened an eye.  "I'm not through with you, but I can
wait.  We have the whole weekend."  I was to find out what she
meant later that night.
     I headed for the shower, needing to calm down a little so that
I could give Allison a good ride.  She had one of those athletic
bodies that worried me.  There wasn't an ounce of fat anywhere on
her.  Her breasts were high, hard and sleek.  The nipples were
gigantic.  Thighs all smooth, lean and golden.
     I was in the shower only a few minutes when I felt someone. 
I opened my eyes to see Allison had joined me.  She grabbed me,
pressing her body against me.  My soapy cock slid between her legs.
She began to fuck my cock with her thighs, rubbing the head with
the bottom of her cunt.  She held me close, those hard tits pressed
against my chest.  Suddenly her entire body quivered as she had a
quick orgasm.  She proved to be the kind who had small climaxes at
first, building up to a major earthquake.



