                     THE BUTTONS

                   by V.P. Viddler


     "Shall I unbutton the first button?"

     "No."

     "No? Don't say no, Shirley. I'll ask you again. Shall I 
unbutton the first button?"

     "Yes."

     "All right. Shall I unbutton the second button?"

     "No."

     "I told you not to say that, Shirley. Let's try it again. 
This way. All right? Shall I unbutton the second button?"

     "Yes."

     "All right. That's nice. Shall I unbutton the third button? 
Shirley? Shall I unbutton the third button?"

     "I--"

     "Shall I, Shirley?"

     "No."

     "What?"

     "Yes."

     "Shall I unbutton the fourth button?"

     "Why do you ask me?"

     "Because I like to hurt you, Shirley. Shall I unbutton the 
fourth button?"

     "What can I say if I can't--"

     "Say no, Shirley. Then I can do things to you. This. This, 
Shirley darling."

     "I can't--"

     "Shall I unbutton the fourth button?"

     "Yes."

     "What?"

     "Yes."

     "What, Shirley?"

     "Yes. Yes. Yes. All right."

     "And shall I unbutton the fifth button?"

     "All of them. Unbutton all of them. Okay?"

     "That would spoil all the fun, Shirley. This kind of fun."

     "I."

     "Shall I unbutton the fifth button?"

     "Yes. Please."

     "That's good, Shirley. Please is nice. Shall I--"

     "Yes."

     "What, Shirley? Yes what?"

     "Yes, unbutton the sixth button."

     "But that sixth button is the last button, Shirley."

     "Yes."

     "If I unbutton the sixth button, there won't be any more 
buttons."

     "I don't care."

     "If I unbutton the sixth button, Shirley, your shirt will 
fall open. Is that what you want?"

     "No. Ah."

     "Shirley. Now let me ask that question again. This way."

     "Please. Please."

     "This way, Shirley darling. Shall I unbutton the sixth 
button?"

     "Yes."

     "And let your shirt fall open?"

     "Yes."

     "But if I do that, I'll uncover your breasts. Is that what 
you want? Shirley?"

     "I want you to stop hurting me."

     "I'll bet you do. I'll bet you want that more than anything 
in the world. Is that right, Shirley?"

     "Yes."

     "Shall I unbutton the sixth button?"

     "Yes."

     "Shall I uncover your breasts?"

     "Yes."

     "Shall I play with them?"

     "If you want to."

     "You're crying, Shirley. Shall I strip you naked, Shirley?"

     "Don't hurt me."

     "Shall I play with you? Shall I make you crawl? Shall I--"

     "Yes please yes stop yes do anything you want just stop 
please."

     "Shall I unbutton the sixth button? The last button?"

     "Yes."

     "Say it, Shirley."

     "Unbutton the sixth button. Strip me, I don't care any more. 
I'll do anything you want. If you want me to crawl I'll crawl. If 
you want me to suck you off with my mouth I'll do that. If you 
want me to call up all your friends, all your acquaintances, and 
ask them all to come over, I will. I'll be a sex slave, for you, 
for all of them. I'll suck and fuck all night long. All night 
long I'll crawl and spread and swallow. Anything you want. My 
body is yours. My breasts. My mouth. My legs. My thighs. My hips. 
My ass. My soul."

     "That's nice, Shirley. But I want to hurt you. I want to 
watch you in agony. I want to hear you scream. Will you scream 
for us, Shirley?"

     "You're going to make me, aren't you?"

     "That's right, Shirley baby. I'm going to make you. I can't 
wait to hear it."

     "Don't hurt me. I'll scream for you. I'll scream real good. 
I swear."

     "But that's not the same, Shirley. It wouldn't have that 
sound of agony and horror that an authentic howl of agony 
conveys. That sound of unimaginable, unthought of, unsupportable 
pain. Want me to demonstrate, Shirley?"

     "No please Jesus no please I'll do it I swear I'll scream 
for you, I'll do it so well, I'll howl and I'll shriek and I'll 
wail, please, I'll cry for you, I'll sob and I'll whimper and 
I'll beg, I'm begging mow, what do you--"

     "Shall I unbutton the sixth button?"

     "All right. Yes. Unbutton it."

     "Shall I strip this shirt off?"

     "Yes."

     "Shall I touch your breasts?"

     "If you want to."

     "Shall I hurt you, Shirley?"

     "All right. All right."

     "Am I hurting you?"

     "Christ. Christ. I can't do this."

     "Tell me not to stop."

     "Don't stop."

     "Tell me you love me."

     "I love you."

     "Tell me what I want to hear."

     "I am in your hands. I'm going to scream for you, you're 
going to make me scream, I can't stand it, I'm going to scream, 
I'm in agony, I'm a toy, a plaything, and I'm going to lick your 
cock, I'm going to crawl and spread my legs for you, my thighs, 
and I'll wrap my legs all around your waist and I'll fuck you 
until you burst. I'll swallow all the come from all your pals as 
they shoot down my throat, and I'll strip for any man you say, 
I'll strip naked in public, on the street, in the subway, I'll 
please I'll please."

     "Lovely sweet pretty hurting Shirley, darling girl, so 
wracked with pain, I love this. Watching this. As you strain. 
Squirm. Twist. Kick. Thrash. Wriggle. Writhe. Jerk. Buck. Will 
you scream now, Shirley? Will you?"

     "Yes. Yes."

     "I've unbuttoned all the buttons. Right, Shirley?"

     "Yes."

     "All Right. Now scream."

     "I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I I'm going to I'm I going 
please oh please yes I'm going to scream now I'm going to scream 
right now I'm screaming listen to it watch me I'm hurting oh 
god."

     "Shall I unbutton your skirt?"

     "Call them NOW..."
