    My wife had been working at this ladies botique in Houston
for about a year. She knew of my many feminine fetishes and the
major affect that they had on me. On several occasions, when
she wanted me to do something special for her she would put on
a fur and lightly stroke it across my face several times saying
"That's it, soft. So soft. You're getting lost. You're getting
weaker and weaker, aren't you?" She would continue talking in
this manner to me until I was so weakened and passive from
being so turned on that I would do just about anything for her.
    Diane used this and many of my other fetishes on me this
way to control me, and to manipulate me for her pleasure. And
always it was pleasurable to me as well.
    Well, one day she calls me from the store. She says that
the store is staying open late for an inventory and that I
should come to pick her up at 10:00p. I said fine, that I would
be there then. She told me to not be late. She stressed that,
and got off the phone laughing.
    When I got to the store the windows, all across the front
of the store had been covered with dark paper, with the word
"inventory" on the front of them. I went to the center of the
doors and gently pulled them apart. As I opened the doors I
found no one around. I looked to the right and the left. I
called out, "Diane?" There was no answer. I then stepped inside
the doors and pulled them shut. As I did I heard a loud
"click". I went back to them and tried to open them again. They
had locked on me. I was now locked inside the store. [continued
next message]

    I thought that I would try and find someone. So I began
walking towards the back of the store. On my way there I passed
the fur section. There, laid out, hanging on the front of the
rack, quite conspiciously, was this calf length silver fox fur
with bell sleeves and an oversized shawl coller. I couldn't
resist. I had to feel it. As I began to walk up to it I could
hear some voices coming from the back of the store. Just as I
approached the fur, the store manager, Charlene, came out of
nowhere.
    "It's really sexy? Isn't it?" I could smell her perfume. It
was so overpowering that I began to get lost in it. I could
only summon a nod. Then, before I knew what she was doing,
"Here! Feel it on your face! Nice, soft .. so soft! Yes, that's
it! Get lost. Lost! Soft!" She was caressing my face with the
fur. I was falling under her spell. [I didn't know it until
later, but Charlene was a domme].  I was realing, and my c was
getting so hard that I thought that I would pass out. I could
refuse her nothing!
    Then, lightly touching my face with the fur, "Come with
me." She then led me back to a room in the back part of the
store. On the way back to the room we passed three other girls
(Diane was among them),standing by the register. There were all
sorts of giggles and laughter, and some remarks at me being
lost and under Charlene's spell. I was greatly embarrassed, but
at the same time turned on even more than I was before. I
became even more lost under Charlene's spell. [continued next
message]
    Getting to the door of the room, Charlene took out a small
key from her pocket in the hot pink sattin jumpsuit that she
was wearing and opened the door. Inside was a large room
completely walled with mirrors. "Come in", she said, leading me
by the nose with the fur, caressing my face.
    After I was inside, Charlene then closed and locked the
door from the inside. She began laughing at me, as she came
closer and closer with the fur. Over and around my face she
rubbed the fur, telling me how lost, weak and passive I was
getting. I was getting harder and harder. I was becoming weaker
and weaker. I was truly under her spell.  Then, she opened my
pants and took our my c. She then began to caress my c with the
fur. Over and over! I was so hard that I was going to explode.
She then took out a c ring and put it on me. Laughing some more
she then told me that I really wanted to put the coat on,
didn't I? I was so lost and hot. I said but only girls wear
ladies furs don't they? She said "That's exactly why you DO
want to wear it, don't you?" She was still caressing my c. I
was shaking all over. I said yes.
    She then told me to take off all of my clothes, every
stitch, and put them by the door. I obeyed.  She then laughed
again and began slipping the coat over my shoulders. "You know
that once you put this on you are going to be a lot more
feminine don't you?" I said yes. "You also know that once you
become more feminine that there will be NO going back?" I again
said yes. She laughed again and called me her little slave. She
put the coat on and pulled the shawl collar up around my face
so that it was burried in the fur.
[continued next note]
    Getting to the door of the room, Charlene took out a small
key from her pocket in the hot pink sattin jumpsuit that she
was wearing and opened the door. Inside was a large room
completely walled with mirrors. "Come in", she said, leading me
by the nose with the fur, caressing my face.
    After I was inside, Charlene then closed and locked the
door from the inside. She began laughing at me, as she came
closer and closer with the fur. Over and around my face she
rubbed the fur, telling me how lost, weak and passive I was
getting. I was getting harder and harder. I was becoming weaker
and weaker. I was truly under her spell.  Then, she opened my
pants and took our my c. She then began to caress my c with the
fur. Over and over! I was so hard that I was going to explode.
She then took out a c ring and put it on me. Laughing some more
she then told me that I really wanted to put the coat on,
didn't I? I was so lost and hot. I said but only girls wear
ladies furs don't they? She said "That's exactly why you DO
want to wear it, don't you?" She was still caressing my c. I
was shaking all over. I said yes.
    She then told me to take off all of my clothes, every
stitch, and put them by the door. I obeyed.  She then laughed
again and began slipping the coat over my shoulders. "You know
that once you put this on you are going to be a lot more
feminine don't you?" I said yes. "You also know that once you
become more feminine that there will be NO going back?" I again
said yes. She laughed again and called me her little slave. She
put the coat on and pulled the shawl collar up around my face
so that it was burried in the fur.
[continued next note]
    "There now! (laughing) Now you look pretty and feminine!"
Walking up to me and teasing my c with the fur she said, "Now
we have to figure out a name to call you by. I know! Melissa.
That's what we'll call you. We'll call you Melissa! You want to
be called Melissa don't you?" With her still teasing my c, I
said, with my whole body shaking, yes.
    "Good. Now Melissa, I am going to go and get a few things.
You are to stay here. You may not take off the fur. You can
play with yourself, but you may not take off the fur, or the c
ring. Understand?" I was her slave. I said yes, Mistress. She
then said "Good." Then, taking all of my clothes (emptying the
pockets out on the floor) she unlocked the door. She left it
open slightly while she threw my clothes into the trash. The
girls could just barely see into the room. Again there were
laughs, giggles and remarks. I was so embarassed that my head
was spinning. I was in a trance. My c was so hard that I
thought that I was going to explode. Then Charlene came back to
the door, closed it and locked me inside the room. And there I
was, trapped, and her slave .. A girl. I was lost!
    About 30 minutes went by during which time I found my mind
becoming weaker and weaker from all that had happened. I played
with myself and looked into the mirrors at me. I actually began
to see feminine traits to myself as I stood there. The sounds
of the girls outside the room just turned me on all the more.
There was a lot of laughter, talking and and more laughter.
Finally, Charlene came back in carrying a number of items. My c
was still hard as a rock and I was still lost under her spell.
Seeing her again, with my being naked in only the fur made my c
swell even larger. [Continued next message]
    Charlene then came towards me and took off the fur. She
then began cutting off my sideburns, and plucking my eye brows
telling me that we needed to make my face just a bit softer.
    Laughing at me she then began to put make up on me,
including lip gloss. Then She sprayed me all over with the same
heavy perfume that she was wearing saying "now that you look
like a woman, you must smell like one too. Besides, this
perfume will help keep you under control." She laughed again.
    She then lifted a black sattin bra and put it on me,
lightly teasing my breasts and laughing some more. Then some
black sattin crotchless panties. After getting them on me she
played with my c for a moment. "So soft. Yes, nice and soft.
Lost! That's it. Just get lost in it all." I was her willing
slave. I just stood there, shaking with my whole body her
willing tool. The she put on me a pair of black nylon
crotchless pantyhose. My c was sticking straight out in between
my legs. I was hard as a rock and so lost that I didn't know
where I was anymore. She then pulled out a beige camisole and
tap pants. Putting them on me, she teased me over and over with
the soft sattin of the tap pants. She made me model what I had
on for her. "Why Melissa! You look lovely! Oh yes! You just
look wonderful! Now, let's finish shall we?" I could only nod.
    She then pulled out a pink silk poet's blouse with lace
inserts on the sleaves and buttoned it on me leaving it
unbuttoned just enough so that my camisole could be seen.
[Continued next message]

    Next came the black sattin pants. Pulling them on over my
legs I thought that I was in a different country. I knew that I
was going to be Charlene's slave forever. My c was sticking up
and almost straight out, pushing the pants out. Charlene played
with my c through the pants saying "That's right, nice and
hard. Ready to serve! Melissa, you ARE turning out nicely." She
laughed again and put on some patten leather low heals on me.
Then she pulled the fur and put it back on me with the collar
up so that it would burry my face in it. Laughing, she then put
on some earings on me and a gold chain around my neck.
    She turned me to the mirror and made me look at myself.
"Well, Melissa? How do you look?" I replied that I looked
feminine. "Well, certainly you do. You're a girl, what did you
expect? So feminine. That's right. You look so pretty." Then
she went to the door. "I've got to get just a couple more
things, Melissa." She said as she opened the door. Now just
stay here, and (laughing) stay clean and nice." She went out,
closing the door behind her and locking it again.
    And there I was, trapped, lost, feminine, and her slave. As
I looked into the mirror, I truly did not see a man standing
there. I saw a woman. From being teased, seduced, hypnotized
and lost I only saw the image of a woman. As I began to walk
around the room I noticed myself walking more and more like a
woman. There was nothing left of me that was masculine.
[Continued next message]
    For another 20 minutes, or so, I was left there to look at
myself. During that time I became more amd more feminine. I
became Melissa. Suddenly I could hear voices outside the door.
My c got harder and harder! The door opened and there were four
women standing there. There was Charlene, Diane and two others.
Charlene went over and stood by the wall with Diane. The two
other girls came over to me and began teasing my face with the
fur. "So nice! Yes, Melissa, you look just wonderful! Don't you
feel soft and pretty?" They were caressing my face with the
fur, and touching my c through my pants and laughing. I was
falling deeper and deeper into a trance.
    Charlene said, "But wait. We still have the collar." I
looked over at her with excited fear in my eyes. She took out a
black sattin collar with a single ring in it. Coming over to me
she placed it around my neck. "There! Now we can put you on a
leash!" And she and the girls laughed all the more.
    Then Charlene turned to Diane. "Well, Di. Now we have a
slave, don't we?" Diane, laughed in agreement. (What I had not
learned until later was that Charlene had worked her magic on
Diane and gotten Diane under her spell. Diane came over and
connected a very slender silver metal leash to my collar.
"Come, Melissa." And she led me out to the register with the
girls following and laughing. [Continued next message]
    At the register, One of the girls asked me for my charge
card. I took it out. As she drew up the bill she said, "Well,
Melissa, you'll have to get a new charge card won't you honey?"
And she laughed. Then turning back to me, "Just sign it here
darling." She said point to a line at the bottom of the form. I
didn't even look at it. I was so lost in trance that I just
signed it. Then the girl came close to my face. I could smell
her perfume mixing with mine. The smell was so intoxicating
that I almost fell to my knees. "Melissa? You do have something
to sleep in tonight? Don't you?" My who body shaking, I said
no. My voice now no longer able to talk in the deeper tones
that I used to. I was using a higher voice. A woman's voice. I
said no, I guess that I don't.
    "Well, honey. Come with me." She motioned to Diane who
gladly took off my leash. The girl lead me by the hand back to
the neglegie section of the store. The other girls joined us
there. She pulled out this long wispy sattin and chiffon
neglegie. Holding it up to me to size it, "Diane? What do you
think? I think it brings out her eyes don't you?" Diane loved
it and said that she thought that it would be wonderful for me
to sleep in. "Fine. Then it's settled. This one for sure. But
wait? What about those nights when you want to feel just a
little bit sexier, Melissa?" And she gently rubbed my c through
my pants. I nodded. She then pulled out three very erotic
nighties. Two had bits of lace around the bodice, and the third
was all sattin. She held them up to me and said, "Yes. Now
these will definitely make you feel sexy dear!" Laughing, she
said "Now what else?" She looked around the store. [Continued
next message]
    I was led around the store picking up everything from hair
remover, to a very nice black felt hat and some black leather
gloves. Finally, some minutes later. "Melissa, I think that's
about all you'll need for now. But I am sure you are going to
come back to see me real soon aren't you?" She was rubbing my
pants where my c was, at the same time she was caressing my
face with the fur. In a lady's voice I said 'yes maam'. "Good,
I'll expect to you see you here more often, darling." And she
laughed again, with the other girls joining in.
    As we walked back to the register I could hear Charlene
tell Diane and the other girl, "It's so nice to take a man and
turn him into a woman. <sigh> I wish I could do that with every
man who walked in here." And she laughed. At the register I
again was instructed to sign the charge slip, again without
reading it. And I obeyed. Diane then put the leash back on me,
and thanked Charlene for the wonderful job that she did with
me. She then led me to the front of the store. Unlocking the
door, she then led me out into the mall.
    With each step that I took I became more and more feminine.
I was embarrassed with the passing of every second. I wondered
if anyone would notice me. People did notice me. But, from what
I could feel, they were noticing a girl and how nicely dressed
she was. I never got the impression that they thought that I
was a man. Then it hit me. They were noticing the leash! My
excitement ran higher and higher, I became more and more
submissive, and feminine. I walked like a girl and talked like
a girl. I was a girl. I was Melissa. [Continued next message]
    Finally getting to the car, I was instructed to get in on
the passenger's side. I obeyed. Diane then drove the two of us
home. Upon arriving home, Diane said that she wanted me to
show her how much I had learned about being a woman, and
submissive. She wanted me to please her. Taking off my coat,
hat and gloves, I got down on my knees in front of Diane.
"Please Mistress, may I please you?" "You may, Melissa, came
the answer". I lifted up her skirt and began kissing her crotch
over and over. I continued this for the next hour. I brought
her to orgasm several times during that period. Diane was
completely satisfied.
    Finally, she said, "That's fine, Melissa. Now I want you to
start dinner for me." I got up off my knees and obeyed. I
cooked the dinner puttin on Diane's pink silk apron to do it.
    Later that night, Diane had me shave my legs, arms, and all
body hair (including my crotch). Then she had me put on the
lonmg pink neglegie and please her again in bed. I was her
willing slave girl.
    The next day I had to go to work. Diane made me wear
women's clothes under my clothes going to work, just to remind
me of who I was. And I did this. However, this is where the
story changes somewhat. Over the next period of about a week,
Diane lost her interest in having me feminine. I think that she
was having trouble being in charge of me or something.
Gradually the crossdressing went away. I pleaded with her
several months later to allow me to go back to it. She refused
saying that she didn't like it (for some reason). And later
that year our marriage broke up.  It is my feeling that if
Diane had kept me as a woman and her slave that our marriage
would not only have survived, but would have flourished as
well. [Concluded next message]
    Ever since that one encounter, I have searched for a domme
fem who could transform me back into Melissa and keep me there,
as her willing slave girl. But I have not found her yet. I
shall keep looking however. One day I just might be lucky
enough to find a lady who understands the tremendous benefit to
having their boyfriend/husband turned into their girl slave. I
keep looking.  I hope that this true story has pleased you. And
that you find it helps you to better understand me and my
fetishes and weaknesses. Please feel free to use the
information here to make me your willing slave. Submissively
Yours, mickey
