

                                New Girl in Town

                                       BY

                                  L J J Hanson
                                  -------------
                                 Copyright 1989



CHAPTER TWO


        I hung around with Al for the next couple of days, my parents never
even noticed I was gone.  They must've won a lottery or something, because
they had money for some decent booze, not the nasty shit they usually got.
Knowing them, it would take them a few days to kill it all, but they would
drink nonstop until they went dry.  That meant I didn't have to worry about
them for a little while.  My next three days of life were very interesting. I
learned alot of things about the female body and had complete access to
Monica's cunt or ass.  I fucked and tortured her as I pleased.  The best,
though, was when Al showed me what happens to a sweet, young slut when you
pour a few volts into her tits, pussy and ass.
        After lunch, on the first day, Al showed me his electrical gear.  He
had shifted Monica into a better position for the experiment in pain.  Monica
was looking groggy, with a dazed look in her eyes.  She was wearing out
quickly.  The pain and lack of sleep were driving her beyond the edge and she
knew she couldn't take much more abuse.  We bound her tightly to a specially
built table.  Al had her lay down on the table, tits up.  First he had
restricted her head and neck with heavy leather straps.  He then passed more
around her waist, cinching tight until her waist was tightly tied down to the
table.  She wouldn't be able to mover her upper body at all and she lost the
use of her hands when Al cuffed them to the table sides.
        The table, however, had been cut short so that Monica's ass was
hanging off the end of the table.  Al had mounted two lead pipes, at the
tables end, standing up in the shape of a 'v'.  Monica whimpered pathetically
as Al and I proceeded to tie her legs to the spreader poles.  We tied down her
ankles, knees and thighs.  By the time we finished strapping her down, Monica
had lost her ability to move or resist our plans.  And the look in the young
girl's face clearly expressed a look of horror, bewilderment and unbridled
fear.  In the few days that she had spent under the ministrations of Al, and
now his new helper, Monica had come to learn that if the bondage was tight,
the pain would be terrible.  Al liked to strap down his trainees real tight
when he was introducing them to a newer, more painful form of abuse; that way
they couldn't squirm around and distract him.
        My dick got hard as I stepped back and looked at the young, hot babe
strapped securely to the table.  Her big tits were quivering and bouncing with
each breath of the nervous girl.  She was breathing heavy and fast, completely
flushed and humiliated.  She felt like a piece of meat on a butchers block.
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't move one bit.  She was having a
hard time breathing since the waist belt was so tight it tended to cut off
circulation.  But Al would rather have her held tight and put up with
suffocating than taking a chance on her escape.  I looked at those tits,
bouncing around so freely, and decided to take care of them.  I picked up a
long length of a very narrow, but strong, nylon rope.  Al had told me to use
this type of rope on her because a narrow rope hurts tits alot more than thick
ones, since thinner ropes tend to 'cut in' to the tit flesh.
        I took a tit in hand, then wrapped my first loop around it.  I started
wrapping and tightening the rope close to the base of her breast.  I wanted to
tie as much of her big tits as I could and I had plenty of rope.  Her tit was
soon bulging like a baloon, but that didn't stop me.  I started to loop more
rope around her tit, this time about halfway up the length of the tit.  I
wanted this second rope to cut her young tit in half, so I tied it even
tighter than the lower rope.  Monica started screaming with real intensity
after the second rope was in place.  Her jugs had never been so abused before.
The contrast between the shooting pain in her right tit and the unmolested
left tit was a strange feeling.  But it soon disappeared since I had more rope
for her other tit.
        While applying these, the panting young teen started screaming really
good.  She got so noisy that we had to jam the dildo gag back down her throat.
It was easier to work in the sudden quiet, so I decided to try out one more
thing on her subdued hoots.  I took out some fishing line and cut off some
short lengths.  I made a good fishermans knot and slipped it over her bulging
and fully erect nipple.  Monica's nips were huge for such a small girl, and
her tits were also especially large.  The fishing line, when tightened, closed
down on her tender nipple flesh.  I pulled it as tight as I could...and saw
that Monica was just shaking with the pain.  I tied her other nipple in the
same way.  Amazing what a little bit of strategically placed rope could do to
a young girl.  She just lay there, her eyes partially closed, gagged and
breathing heavily through her nose.  Her body shook with occasional spasms,
the result of the tight restraint applied to her big tits.  She seemed to be
drifting off into her own world of peace and pain.
        "Time to shock her back into the real world, boy," said Al. "We don't
want to completely destroy her mind, just bend it a little.  We have to keep
her focused on this dimension and I just happen to have a foolproof way to
rivet her minds attention on her body."  Al started arranging his electrical
equipment on the floor and table.  He had a bunch of metal clamps, cunt and
ass probes, and lots of wire in a large toolbox.  Al showed me how to connect
a heavy gauge wire to one of the specially designed alilgator clips.  He put
this clamp on her nipple and turned the special screw that tightened the clip
on her nipple flesh.  As Monica felt the sharp clips bite into her nipple, she
started to moan even louder.  Under the intensity of the pain shooting through
her abused jugs, Monica could barely think straight.  She accepted the added
pain of clamps on her nipples, in fact, after hanging around Al so long, she
had come to expect them.  But she wasn't expecting what was to come later.
Never in her scariest nightmare had Monica ever thought that a crazy man like
Al would send heavy volts of electricty flowing into her body.  She would soon
see exactly how far a certain kind of man could go in his desire to abuse
young female flesh.
        Al clamped her other nipple in the same way and then connected the
wires from her nipple clamps to a specially designed control board.  This
board, with knobs and switches, was in turn connected to a wall socket.  Al
stepped back from the helpless cunt and showed me how the control board
worked.  First, he flipped the switch that sent the flow of electricity into
her nipples.  By turning the knob, you could increase or decrease the voltage
going into her body through her clamped nips.  Al grinned and watched Monica
as he slowly turned the knob, increasing the flow into her tits.  At first,
Monica only felt a strange tickling sensation in her tit tips.  But as Al
turned the knob, the itching feeling came to be a painful burning one.  She
hopelessly struggled against the tight restraints as she felt more and more
pain explode in her tits.  Al soon had the knob turned all the way, sending
the maximum flow of juice into her tortured tits.  Monica could only lay
there, squirming and shaking with the pain. Al played with her by lowering the
voltage for a while and then quickly sending her the maximum with a quick
flick of the wrist.  Monica tried to scream her lungs out, but the most she
could manage were some pitiful moans and groans.  The dildo gag was keeping
her agony trapped inside her young, writhing body.
        Al turned the knob down so that Monica only felt a mild burning
sensation in her nipples.  "See how a little juice shocks them back into
reality?" said Al.  "And just wait till we hook up the rest of the equipment;
she'll really start squirming then."  Al next reached down and picked up a
long, shiny steel dildo about twelve inches long.  It was very thick with
wires coming out from the bottom and could be held in place by a special
leather harness.  Al showed my how to slip the harness around her waist and
between her legs.  It was designed to hold cunt and ass probes securley in
their slippery holes.  After securing the harness, Al was ready to ram the
steel dildo into her helpless pussy.  He rubbed the dildo's head around her
cuntlips for a moment and smiled to see Monica's cunt start to juice from the
metallic caresses. "See, the stupid cunt likes it...I've never had a girl turn
on to this stuff so quickly.  We're gonna have real fun with her."
        Al was right.  Even though her tits had been brutally roped, her
nipples harshly clamped and electrocuted, Monica's pussy responded to Al's
manipulations erotically.  She didn't know what hurt more: the torture devices
or the shame in admitting to these men that she was being excited by the cruel
treatment.  She felt as if her body had betrayed her.  Al continued rubbing
her wetting cunt and she felt herself start building to an orgasm.  But Al cut
all this short by savagely stuffing the steel dildo deep into her cunt.
Before she could get used to the metallic invasion Al had taken a slightly
smaller and thinner dildo and shoved it up her ass.  Monica shuddered as Al
secured the dildos in her holes with the leather harness that kept both dildos
buried deep in her cunt and ass.  But that wasn't all for the poor girl.  Al
also took more alligator clips and connected the wires.  He grabbed her cunt-
lips with his fingers and proceeded to clamp her tender pussy flesh.  The
sight of Monica, with her cunt and ass packed tight, her nipples and pussylips
clamped, had left me shaking with lust.  I desperately wanted to fuck the
little slut silly, but Al seemed to realize my predicament and said, "Just
wait, you can fuck her brains out when this session is over.  Besides, I'm not
done yet.  There's another clamp for her clit.  Can't forget about that."  Al
rubbed and pinched her clit till it was standing up, firm and erect.  He then
postioned the clamp over her clit and tightened it till the sharp teeth were
slicing into her quivering clit.
        Monica just lay there waiting, waiting for the incredible pain that
was sure to come.  She just couldn't believe what Al was about to do to her.
Although she couldn't move her head to see what was being done to her, she
could tell that she would soon feel the most pain of her young life.  Her
nipples and tits screamed with agony from the tight ropes and clamps.  She
felt totally stuffed, like a Thanksgiving turkey, by the large metal dildos in
her twat and butthole.  The thick dildo in her cunt was stretching her cunt
hard, almost to the tearing point.  But it was the clamps on her cuntlips and
clit that hurt the most.  Her tenderest membranes were swollen and red.  The
young girl shook and quivered with pain and terror.  If the electricity had
hurt her tits so much, which by now were learning to deal with pain, what
would her pussy and ass feel like when the electricity started?  She would
shortly find out.
        Al had flipped the switch for her cunt probe and started turning the
knob.  The results were just what Al had expected.  Monica began to moan again
with fresh intensity as the juice poured in.  As Al turned up the power, she
felt the awful pain build up deep in her cunt.  Her body shook with spasms as
Al sent the maximum flowing into her vagina.  Poor Monica could only lay there
and pray that the dildo didn't cook the inner walls of her pussy.  Satisfied
with the results, Al turned on the rest of the switches and turned the knobs
for all the devices.  Monica was soon feeling pain everywhere.  The burning
sensation spread into her bowels through the ass probe and her cuntlips and
clit were soon quivering from the biting electricity.
        We just stood there and watched Monica quiver and moan, uncontrollable
spasms contorting her bound body.  Al said, "See what household current can do
to a young cunt when you apply it in all the right places?  But this ain't all
my control board can do.  I thinks it's time for the automatic pilot."  Al
pressed a button that autmatically controlled the amount of juice and its
location.  The board would randomly send blasts into her tits, cunt or ass.
Sometimes it would hit all three at once and it could also decrease or
increase the amount of juice.  This had an even greater effect on Monica.  The
machine kept surprising her, she never knew where the next jolt would be or
how strong it would be.  This hurt even more than the constant zapping of all
the devices.
        We continued to watch the girl and we could tell when the board sent a
particularly strong voltage into her because her her tits and asscheeks would
quiver and bounce with each strong blast.  I couldn't hold myself any longer.
I pulled my stiff dick out of my pants and jerked off watching the young girl
shiver and groan.  It wasn't long before I came and shot my come all over her
bound and tortured body.  I was shaking with lust and was looking forward to
fucking Monica's brains out with my raging hardon.
        We kept up the electrical attack on her firm, young body for another
twenty minutes.  I would have liked to make her suffer longer, but Al said
that enough was enough.  Later on, in future sessions, we could zap her
longer, but this was only an introduction for the new girl.  Eventually we
would zap her for hours at a time while whipping the living shit out of her
tits and body.  We could also fuck her ass or cunt while sending huge volts
into her tits.  But that was all in the future and would have to wait.
Meanwhile, I was content watching her feel pain where she had never felt pain
before: deep in her cunt and deep in her ass.
        By the time we finished with her, Monica was a sorry mass of tortured
female flesh.  Her body was covered in a fine sheen of sweat, her muscles
spasmed under the electrical attack and her tits were blue from the tight
ropes.  Al cut the power and removed the clamps and dildos from her helpless
body.  He released the bonds that held her to the table and helped her up off
from it.  Monica was very weak, she couldn't stand up on her own.  Al lifted
her up over his shoulder and dumped her onto a bed in a holding cell where she
could try to recover from the awful onslaught.  Before locking the cell door,
I could see Monica shaking and muttering to herself, "Oh God help me...help
me..."


                               END OF CHAPTER TWO

Stay tuned for future installments when Monica gets whipped and fucked by Al,
his helper and even Al's trusty dog.
