                        PRESENT FOR DADDY
 
     Her body throbbed. She stopped the car in the driveway and 
shut everything off. A tiny whimper popped from her smeared lips 
and she sank into the seat for a moment. Her pussy pulsed inside 
her soggy panties. She squeezed her thighs together, thinking 
about the hard cock that rammed into her hungry hole only a few 
minutes before, pumping a gusher of hot come into her cunt. 
Finally swinging her high heels to the concrete, she locked the 
car and crossed to the stoop and paused.        

     Her fingers searched her purse for a moment and then 
extracted the translucent latex. Her long fingers weighed the 
milky contents in the yellow porch light. A tingle ran though her 
as she remembered his jerking cock filling the rubber with his 
first load of come. She made up a story about no pills and he had 
consented to use the rubber. 

     She shivered and hurriedly untied the knot in the tube and 
holding the top open, sniffed the pungent odor of come. For one 
final minute she looked at the thick, still warm liquid then she 
tipped the rubber and poured the love juice into her open mouth 
and rolled it slowly on her tongue. The tangy flavor permeated 
her palate and she held the still warm love juice captive in her 
mouth.

     She unlocked the side door and stepped inside. Holding the 
strong flavored come in her mouth, she paused and listened. The 
soft sounds of the TV bobbed through the house. She crossed the 
kitchen and paused in the dinning room. He was sitting nude on 
the carpet, his eyes fixed on the TV screen. The VCR whirred 
softly. On the TV screen, a large cock plunged slowly onto a 
hairy pussy and slowly pulled out to the head. She could see his 
hand stroking at his lap as he gazed at the fucking on the 
screen.

     Her high heel clicked on the narrow expanse of bare floor at 
the dinning room floor. His head swiveled and he smiled at her. 
His fingers were circling the head of his rigid cock, slowly 
massaging the head. For a moment she gazed at his swollen cock, 
the purple head appearing between his thumb and fingers then 
disappearing. Her slushy cunt pulsed and she almost swallowed the 
mouthful of come. She crossed the room and stopped next to him. 
He stared up at her expectantly.

     "Did you bring me something?" he asked.

     She nodded slowly and bent down. He tilted his head and 
their lips met. Parting her lips, she let the warm thick come 
slide from her mouth and into his open mouth. A low groan escaped 
his throat and his tongue probed her open mouth, scraping the 
dregs of the come from its hot wet corners. As she ground her 
lips against his, her nostrils flaring, her body began to heat 
up. Her hand found his jerking cock and pull his hand away and up 
under her skirt. Her knees bent and her thighs parted as she 
guided his strong finger up to the crotch of her panties and 
clamped her thighs around his hand. His fingers clawed at the 
soggy nylon.

     Tearing her mouth from his, she gasped, her breath coming in 
raspy rushes. He gazed up at her, licking the traces of come from 
his lips. His fingers pulled the nylon band aside and slushed 
into the oozing hole it covered. He stirred her cunt, rolling her 
clit and driving his fingers deep inside her molten cunt. He 
pulled his dripping fingers from her crotch and out from under 
her skirt. Looking into her passion glazed eyes, he lifted his 
coated fingers to his mouth and licked the combination of come 
and cunt juice from them.

     "You like the taste of come, don't you Daddy?" she rasped.

     "And pussy juice."

     "But you like come." Her eyes were slits and she pushed her 
own hand up her skirt and dug into her drooling pussy with her 
fingers. "You like sucking come first hand out of a cock!"

     He looked at the lust distorted face of his oldest daughter 
and smiled. She was very  much like her mother. Hot pants! He 
could see her slender fingers plunging into the gaping opening of 
her cunt as she coaxed him and teased him.

     "Yeessss!" he hissed. His hand had found his throbbing cock 
once again and stroked it as he gazed at his daughters distorted 
face.               

     "You'd suck off your own son if you had one. It would turn 
you on if this was a cock instead of a cunt, wouldn't it!"

     He nodded. He dropped back on his elbow, almost lying down 
and watched her as she finger fucked her self and worked them 
both into a impassioned frenzy.

     "But you like to suck pussy just as much as you'd like to 
suck a cock." Her voice was a bare whisper.

     She fixed her eyes on his eyes and licked her lips. Pausing, 
she unzipped her skirt and dropped it to the carpet. She rolled 
her panties down almost to her knees and spreading her white 
thighs, opened the lips of her pussy with the fingers of one hand 
and rolled the swollen knob of her clit with the fingers of her 
other hand.

     "Watch me, Daddy! Watch me jerk my pussy off!" She whined. 
His hand stroked the swollen head of his pulsing cock in rhythm 
with her fingers.

     "You'd like to suck my slimy pussy, wouldn't you?" She 
waited, her fingers pausing between the fleshy lips of her cunt.

     "You want to suck the come out of my cunt, don't you!" she 
demanded.

     Unable to vocalize, he nodded emphatically.

     "His cock was big and so hot, Daddy. I fucked him first, 
catching his come in a rubber. That's what I had in my mouth," 
she revealed. He moaned and jerked.

     "Then I sucked him off. His cock jerked and spurted for a 
long time and I swallowed every drop! I love to suck cock, too!"

     Her body was arched above him, her fingers tearing at the 
soggy hole between her legs. She whimpered and jerked.

     "Ooooh! Oh! its coming!" She shuddered and jerked, waves of 
pleasure engulfing her.

     "Its.....soooooo.....good, Daddy!"

     His hand flew over his cock. His ass bounced on the floor. 
He forced his eyes to stay open so he could watch the girls 
climax. Suddenly,the dam broke.

     "Baby!... Oh!... Daddy's coming!" he wailed.

     Still shivering from coming, she forced her fingers from her 
pussy and dropped to her knees. His hand had frozen on the shaft 
of his cock and she could see the purple head of it swell and 
spread as the hot river of come flowed up the column of hot 
flesh. Her head dipped quickly and her small mouth opened, wide.

     He jerked and groaned as through the fog he felt her hot 
mouth close over the head of his bursting cock. His fingers 
tangled in her hair and he held her head in position.

     "Suck, Baby! Suck Daddy's cock!" he wailed. "Suck all my 
come out of it! Does it taste good with Mom's cunt juice still on 
it?" 

     The girl whimpered and sucked faster. She identified the 
strong second taste on his cock. Her tongue rolled the head, her 
fingers cupping his balls, rolling them in the soft skin sack.

     "Uuuhhhhhhh!" He slammed his cock deep into her throat and 
pumped glob after glob of hot thick come into her suctioning 
mouth.

     After long seconds the last stream flooded her swallowing 
throat. She pampered his cock with her mouth and then rolled 
aside, her fingers still circling the softening shaft.

     Curled together, their naked bodies damp with the the 
afterglow of passion, he stirred and stroked her hard nipple.

     "Can we take this too far?" he asked.

     "Nooo. This is just our play time," she soothed.

     "How old was this guy, tonight?"

     "He said twenty-two but he wasn't a day over nineteen," she 
replied. "He got off so quick, I almost didn't get the rubber on 
to catch it." She laughed softly.

     "Its a good thing we don't have a daughter. If she were as 
hot as you, I'd have to fight to stay away from her." 

     She smiled at him. Her slender fingers scraped the underside 
of his half hard cock.

     "I'm all you can handle any way," she cooed.

     "I know," he responded. "Next Saturday you're the mother and 
I'm the son who discovers her naked?"

     "Ummmm Hmmmmm!"

     Her mouth clamped his and her hot tongue stabbed into his 
mouth.

