Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



Heather ch1

by:  Big Daddy



	 Heather * (14 yr. Old notices her father looking at her ass
and fucks him with the curtains open so the neighbors can watch)

	The next time Heather bent over, she noticed her father staring
at her ass again.   Gathering all the courage a 14 year old
could muster, Heather asked, "Are you looking at my butt?"

"UH..." Roger stammered.  "No, I just...sorry, I didn't mean to
look."

There was something about the way her father said it that made
Heather know she had him.  Pulling her shorts up the crack of
her young tight ass, Heather showed her father both naked cheeks.

"Are you sure you weren't looking at this?" she asked slyly.

Roger just stared at his daughters firm round buttocks and said
nothing.

"Come one daddy, " Heather prodded.  "I wont give it to you
unless you ask."

"What???" Roger snapped out of the trance he was in.

"I wont let you have it unless you ask for it," she repeated.

Roger sat up strait on the couch, stifling an obvious erection.

"Ask for what?" Roger choked as he continued to stare at his
daughters ass.

"What you haven't taken your eyes off of since I started doing
my workout, " Heather told him.

Heather wiggled her ass for emphasis as she rubbed one cheek
with her delicate hand.  "What do you think about when you look
at my ass?" Heather asked.  "Do you think about squeezing it
while I ride your big cock?"

"JESUS CHRIST!" Roger blurted in shock.

"What? " Heather asked innocently.  "Did I say something wrong?"
 Quickly Heather pulled her shorts back out of her ass and acted
like she had just been punished.

"NO..." Roger exclaimed as he tried to correct her before she
covered her tight cheeks.  "I mean...I've just never heard you
talk like that."

"Oh," Heather played naive.  "Do you want me to show you my ass
again?"

"Yes," Roger half pleaded.  "Please show me that ass."

Pulling her shorts back up the crack of her ass, Heather pulled
her cheeks apart and jiggled them playfully.

"Oh my god," Roger gasped as he sat forward and admired his
daughters tight rear.

"Do you want it?" Heather asked.

"Yes," Roger found himself saying too easily.

"Then open up the curtains."

"What?" Roger asked confused. 

"Open up the curtains," she repeated.  "I like to be watched."

"But...."

"Just open the curtains daddy.  Chances are nobody will look
anyway."

Roger reluctantly pulled the draw cord and opened the curtains
to the livingroom.  Sunlight poured in and framed Heather's body
in the doorway to the kitchen behind her, making her look like a
picture.

Heather rubbed her full breasts through her T-shirt and sighed,
"Ahhh, I just love the sun!"  Her nipples were hard little peaks
under her cotton tee.

Roger stayed seated on the couch, which was seated with its back
right against the front window.

Heather pulled her T-shirt out from her shorts where they had
been tucked in and pulled her shirt up enough for her father to
see her flat stomach.  Holding her shirt at her midriff, Heather
used her other hand to pull the front of her shorts down enough
so that her father could see her little blonde patch of hair.

"I'm not wearing any panties for you," Heather showed him. 
"See?"

"YES," Roger gasped.  "I see that."

Putting her shorts back up, Heather pulled her tee-shirt up to
uncover just the bottoms of her naked breasts.  They hung full
and perfectly rounded to her body.

"And I didn't wear a bra either," she giggled.

"My god," Roger laughed.  "You're incredible."

"I wanna make you cum, daddy," Heather said with a little girl
tone in her voice.  "Can I make you cum?"

"Oh baby," Roger gasped as he hastily unbuttoned his pants,
grabbed his thick hard shaft and pulled it out.  "Please make me
cum!"

"OH daddy!" Heather said as she pulled her tee shirt off and
threw it on the floor.  Her perfect, firm breasts jiggled in the
sunlight as she wiggled her hips out of her shorts and stepped
out of them.

"I want to sit on that big cock!"  Heather rubbed her blonde
pussy eagerly, smashing her clit with her fingers as she watched
her father slowly stroke his rod.  "I want to sit on my daddy's
big cock!"

"Come here!" Roger commanded as he pulled his own pants down
further.

"Yes daddy," Heather obeyed as she walked over to her father and
stood infront of his bent knees.

"Climb up here in daddy's lap," Roger panted.

"OH DADDY!!" Heather gasped as she climbed up over his knees,
spreading her own knees on either side of her fathers hips. 
"What are you going to do??"

"Sit on my cock," Roger demanded as he held it up strait, aimed
for his daughters crotch.

"Are you going to put it in me?" Heather panted staring down
between her legs at her fathers thick shaft ready to penetrate
her.  "Are you going to put your big cock in your daughters
little pussy?"

"Ya," Roger grunted as he wiggled his cock head back and forth,
separating his daughter's clit and slickening his tip with her
juices.

Heather grabbed the back of the couch on either side of her
fathers head and pressed her young tits in his face as she began
to lower herself onto her father's pole.  Slowly Roger's thick
spongy head pressed into his daughters tight hole and popped
into her as Roger sucked on his daughter hard nipple.

"OH GOD!!!" Heather screamed as she continued to slide slowly on
to her father's rod.  "Fuck me daddy!  Fuck your good little
girl!!!"

Roger sucked his daughter's nipples aggressively as he felt
himself forcing into her tight cunt inch by inch.

"Stretch my pussy, daddy!" Heather panted as she pushed herself
onto her father's shaft another inch.  "Oh god, I can feel your
big cock stretching my pussy!!!"

Roger grabbed his daughter's ass and squeezed it as she slid
down the final inches and rested gently against his balls.

"Oh my GOD, daddy!!" Heather gasped.  "Your cock is all the way
inside your little girl.  All the way inside your little  girl's
tight pussy!!"

"Come on, fuck your daddy!" Roger snapped at last.  "Move that
ass."

"Yes, daddy!" Heather obeyed as she rose her ass in the air,
sliding up her fathers rod and then slowly back down again. 
"Like this???  You want me to fuck you like this, daddy??"

"Yes," Roger said as he grabbed her young tits in both hands and
began to squeeze them.  "Now faster!  Make your daddy know you
like it."

"Oh daddy!!!" Heather squealed as she began to bounce
rhythmically on her father's rod.  "I love your big cock sliding
in and out of my little pussy!"

"Ya," Roger grunted as he sucked her breasts hard while she
bounced on him.  "That's a good girl."

"Am I a good girl daddy?" Heather asked girlishly.  "Am I your
good little girl???"

"Ya, your a good girl."

Heather suddenly began to pant as she bucked hard and grabbed
the couch with clenched fists.

"Do you wanna make you little girl cum???"

"Oh god, yes!!" Roger groaned.  "Cum for daddy!"

"You wanna see your big thick cock stuffed in your little girls
pussy, making her cum???"

"YES!"

"OH GOD DADDY!!!!" Heather gasped.  "I'm cumming!!!!  Make me
cum daddy!! Make me cum!!!"

Roger grabbed his daughters ass once again and helped shove her
onto him at a frantic pace.  Roger watched in fascination as his
daughters tits bounced and jiggled in his face as she threw her
head back and forth, the veins standing up on her neck and
screaming, "I'm cumming daddy!!!  Oh Jesus Christ I'm
cumming!!!!"

Roger shoved himself into his daughter repeatedly as she bucked
and screamed through her orgasm.  Finally, Heather lifted her
ass, letting her father's cock slip out of her and slid down his
body till she was kneeling on the floor.

"Let me lick my pretty cum off of daddy's cock," Heather begged.

"Suck daddy's cock," Roger smiled down at her as she grabbed his
rod and plunged it into her mouth.  "OH god yes, suck daddy's
big cock!!"

"Do you wanna cum in my mouth daddy?" Heather asked childishly. 
"You wanna squirt your hot cum down your daughter's throat?"

"Jesus," Roger groaned as he stared down at his naked daughter
with his cock in her mouth.

"Stand up, and let me suck your big cock," Heather ordered as
she pulled her fathers pants down to his knees.

Carefully Roger stood up in front of the livingroom window and
watched as his daughter reached around and placed her hands on
his ass before she crawled up infront of him and began licking
his balls gently.

"You're such a good girl," Roger commented as he watched her hot
tongue flick over his heavy ball sack and wet his pubic hair.

"And your so good to me daddy," Heather said as she pushed her
fathers cock against his stomach and began licking the base of
his shaft.  Slowly she licked her way up to the head and licked
the rim delicately, savoring every inch.

Eagerly, Heather shoved her father's cock in her mouth and began
to jerk his shaft with her fist while she rubbed his bare ass
with her free hand.

"I'm going to cum in your mouth, baby," Roger said as he brushed
the long blonde hair out of her eyes and pulled it to the side
so he could see her better.  Heather tilted her head so her
father could clearly see her cheeks sucking around his thick
cock.

"Am I pretty when I suck daddy's big cock?" Heather asked
between sucks.

"Yes, sweetheart," Roger smiled.  "It's perfect."

Then suddenly Roger felt the tingling in his balls.   "OH baby,
I'm going to cum."

"Cum in my mouth daddy!" Heather begged as she opened her mouth
wide and jerked his cock.  Suddenly hot cum shot out and hit her
in the back of the throat.  Large globs splashed across her face
and ran down her chin.

"Cum on your little girls face!!" 

"Yes," Roger groaned as she jerked the last drizzle onto her
lips.  "Eat daddy's cum like a good little girl!!"

Sucking the last oozes from her father's throbbing shaft,
Heather sat on the floor covered in cum and smiled.



"You're simply amazing," Roger growled as his daughter wiped his
cum off her chin and stood up.  "You look like the cat who ate
the canary."

"Ya?" Heather asked, "well, I feel like that cat who ate the
canary."

"Roger grabbed his semi-softening shaft and wiggled it up and
down to shake of the oozing remnants of his lust before he sat
back down on the couch.

"Is that all you got for me?" Heather asked disappointed.  "I
was just about to start making our movie."

"Movie?"

"Ya, I thought you might want to video tape us fucking all over
the house.  You know, so you can remember me when I'm not here."

"Oh baby," Roger sighed as his cock twitched back to life and
began to harden.  

"If you get the camera, I'll get changed into something more
comfortable."

"Where do you want me to set it up?" Roger asked eagerly.

"Let's start in the kitchen, " Heather giggled.  Quickly she ran
up the stairs to her bedroom.

When she returned, Roger was standing in the kitchen naked and
waiting for her.  The video camera was set in the doorway to the
kitchen, focused toward the center of the room.  Heather was
wearing thigh high nylons with a pair of tine red undies and a
red lace brassier.  Quickly Roger's rod leapt to attention.

Heather walked over to the camera to check if it was on.

"Sit in the chair there," Heather ordered, "facing the camera."

Roger did as he was told, sitting  in the kitchen on a hard
wooden chair, stark naked.

Heather turned on the video and then sauntered over to stand
beside her father, facing the camera.

"Ok, daddy," Heather said to the camera. "What do you want to
do?"

"I want you to take those panties off," Roger said, wasting no
time.

"These panties?" Heather teased as she hooked her thumb into the
waistband and pulled them down in front, enough to show her
little brown patch of hair to the camera.

"Ya," Roger said, grabbing his cock and stroking it while he
watched his daughter.

"But daddy," Heather played as she used both hands to slide her
panties down over her shapely ass and let them drop to the
floor.  "Isn't this naughty?"

"Ya," Roger agreed as he continued to stroke his rod, "Now take
that bra off."

"Yes daddy," Heather played along as she slowly unsnapped her
bra and pulled it off her shoulders to release her large
breasts.  "You know I'll do whatever you want."

"Good girl," Roger smiled as he placed his hand on his daughters
ass and gave it a squeeze.  "You treat daddy so good."

"That's my job," Heather smiled.  "Every good girl should obey
her daddy, right?"

"That's right," Roger said as he licked his lips while staring
at his daughters ass.  "Spread those legs a little.  Let me see
your tight pussy!"

"Yes, daddy," Heather said as she moved her feet wider and bent
over slightly.

Roger sat forward in his chair and rubbed his daughters tight
ass with one hand while stroking his massive hard-on with the
other.

Heather turned to look back at her father over her shoulder. 
Her eyes locked on her father's thick shaft in his hand.  "Are
you going to put that in me, daddy?"

"Yes, sweetheart," Roger growled as he ran his fingers down the
crack of her ass and flicked her clit teasingly.

"Are you going to stretch my tight pussy on your big dick,
daddy?" she cooed.

"Ya," Roger panted now.  "Sit on daddy's big dick!  Bring that
ass over here and sit on my big dick."

Heather continued to face the camera as she positioned herself
in front of her father and backed into him until her ass was in
his face.  Reaching between her legs, Heather played with her
clit and spread her young lips with her fingers.

"Want me to put it in me?" Heather teased.  "Do you want me to
put your big cock inside me?"

Roger reached around his daughter and squeezed her tits hard
with both hands, pinching her nipples with his thumb and
forefingers.

"Oooo, daddy," Heather panted as she reached down in front of
her and grabbed her father's hard rod.  "Are you going to fuck
your daughter?  Are you going to fuck me hard?  Huh?"

"I'm going to fill my daughter's tight young pussy with her
daddy's big cock," Roger gasped as he pinched and squeezed her
nipples.

Slowly Heather began to bend her knees and lower her brown patch
of lust over her father's pole.

"I want to fuck you daddy!" She said as she pushed her father's
foreskin down toward his balls, creating an erect monument of
sex and incest.

Carefully Heather wiggled her fathers thick cock-head against he
wet clit while he cupped and squeezed her breasts passionately. 
Slowly Heather sat herself down until the head of her father's
shaft disappeared into her tight clit.

"It's in me!!" Heather exclaimed in heated passion.  "OH my God
daddy, your fucking me!"

Roger watched his daughter slide a couple of inches of his thick
shaft up inside her.

"Oh fuck, your so tight!!" Roger exclaimed.

"It feels soo good, daddy!" Heather moaned.  "Put it all in me! 
Put all of your big hard cock inside me daddy!!"

Heather slid down a few more inches as her father roared, "OH
Jesus Heather! Make your daddy cum!!!"

"I will daddy," Heather said like a little girl.  "I promise
daddy.   I'll be a good girl.  I'll make you cum hard for me."

Pushing herself completely down onto his shaft, Heather arched
her back and threw her head back in half-pain.

"OH Daddy!!  OH GOD!!! Daddy!  You're fucking me!! I love you
daddy!  I love you SOOO much!!!"

"Now fuck your daddy," Roger ordered as he grabbed his daughters
hips and pulled her up his long pole.

"I will daddy," she cried with real tears in her eyes.  "I'll
fuck you hard daddy!  I'll make you cum, I promise!"

"That's right," Roger said as he pulled his daughters hair from
her shoulders and placed his hands on them to push her back down
onto him.  Forcefully, Roger slammed his daughter down onto him
as she screamed.

"I'll make you cum, daddy!!"

Frantically Heather began to bounce up and down on her fathers
rod as he grunted each time she slammed her ass into his
stomach.  "I'll make you cum daddy," she whispered.

Squeezing her tits again, Roger pounded his hips into his
daughter's grinding ass with each thrust.

"NO daddy!" Heather pleaded.  "You'll make me cum!  Don't make
me cum daddy!! I don't want you to think I'm a slut!"

Eagerly her father increased his own rhythm as he continued to
grind into her.

"No daddy!!" She screamed.  "I'm going to cum!!"

Suddenly Heather was grabbing her father's hands on her tits and
helping him squeeze them.

"You're making me cum daddy!!" She squealed.  "I'm sorry, your
big cock is making me cum!!!"

Just then Roger felt his own orgasm brewing.  "Oh shit, Roger
exclaimed, "You're daddy's going to cum too!"

"Oh please, oh please, oh please!!!" Heather begged.  "Cum with
me daddy!!!"

Pulling himself out of his daughter on her way up, Roger pushed
her ass down on top of him with his cock protruding between her
legs and groaned loudly as his thick white cum shot out at
tremendous velocity and sprayed across his daughter's flat
stomach and up onto her full tits.

"Oh god, daddy!!" Heather panted as cum dripped off her swollen
breasts.  "Cum on me!  Cum on your nasty girl!"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....