
                                  BRENBLK4.TXT

                              Brenda Gets Blacked!

                             Brenda's Enlightenment
                                  (continued)
                                   Chapter 4

      Tentatively, I extended my forefinger (my hand, I noticed, was trembling)
too touch it.  It was warm, firm, and inviting to the touch so I tried too
grasp it. No way, my hand wouldn't go around all the way. It would take both of
my delicate white hands to handle this slut-fucker!  My baby blue eyes were as
big as saucers and my breathing was so hard and fast I feared I would
hyperventilate.  I could feel that my nipples were jutting obscenely into my
T-shirt and my panties were soaking wet.  God, no man has had this much of an
effect on me before!  But then, all of my men to this point have been white.
Until now, I thought a few of them were pretty big, even though none of them
ever did much for me in the satisfaction department -- I just shrugged it off
telling myself that fucking was overrated.  Now I had to redefine what "big"
was.

      Using both hands, I stroked that impossibly long, incredibly thick Black
dick repeatedly from the head to the base and back again. It was menacing
looking with big meandering veins running down it's impressive length toward
his egg-size testicles.  It throbbed and bobbed just inches in front of my
pretty face while it emanated a masculine, musky aroma that invited me to taste
his powerful manhood.  I wished that my father and brothers could see me now --
'old wife's tale huh, daddy?'.

      Hell, there wasn't a white man anywhere that could measure up to licking
the soles of this Black stud's shoes!

      After gawking in disbelief for several moments I began to confess all
these thoughts to my Black buck.  He just smiled at me saying that a lot of the
white women he has fucked have confessed similar thoughts to him and that the
men in my family were insecure and were afraid that I would discover the truth,
which indeed I had!  I was startled to discover that the ebony schwantz looming
before my hungry lips had actually fucked white women.  How could any woman's
pussy handle something so very, very large?

      Surely he wasn't planning on putting that foot long Black pole inside of
me!?! No way -- that monster would split me in two!

      I now knew why all those white men didn't do anything for me, six inches
was too small, but my mind was frantically telling me that this Black twelve
incher was too big! Oh well, at least I can suck this Black beauty off and find
out what a Black man tastes like.

      Still trembling with desire, I leaned forward while extending my little
pink tongue and made first contact. God, his aroma sent my pretty blonde head
spinning!  I savored his dark, masculine flavor while I tongue worshipped every
square inch of his superior Black manhood. Spittle was actually dripping off my
chin as I meekly whimpered in submissive lust.  I wanted to impale my sweet
mouth onto his dark lance and feel his turgid, Black hardness slide down my
delicate, white throat but I thought that was impossible.  I had deepthroated
my share of pricks easily enough in the past, but this wasn't a prick -- this
was a big, beefy, Black COCK!  I opened my mouth as wide as possible and
bravely pushed forward until the massive head was in.  It completely filled my
mouth, pressing my tongue into my lower pallete.  His powerful, delicious
flavor kicked my saliva glands into overdrive and I had to swallow frequently.

      Suddenly, my Black benefactor grabbed my head with both hands and told me
that it's time to receive a Black cock face-fuck.  I panicked.  I hadn't
counted on this -- having my throat raped!-and was horrified to find that I
couldn't break free of his powerful hold.

      He began to hunch into my face, pushing an additional inch with each
thrust, down my painfully distended throat, until at least nine of his twelve
thick inches was lodged inside of me.  He held it there for a few seconds to
allow my throat to stretch and adjust to it's tremendous size, then he slowly
withdrew to allow me just enough timeto gulp some air before he plunged that
Black babymaker back in again.

      For several minutes he steadily and forcefully fucked my mouth and
throat, it felt as though he was penetrating all the way down to my belly, and
I was relieved to discover that after the first few violations the pain was
largely replaced by some other mysterious sensation. Was it the pleasurable
beginnings of sexual satisfaction??   I wasn't sure since, for all my
encounters, I had never experienced an orgasm. What ever it was, it transformed
my attitude from resistance to submissive cooperation.  The thought of offering
myself completely for the pleasure of my Black master was really turning me on!
Our private little storage room was filled with the smell and sounds of sex as
I eagerly sucked and slurped down that ultimate Black cock.  I wanted to taste
his Black fuck-juice and hoped that he would withdraw all but the tip when he
busted his big Black balls into my white, hungry mouth, coating my tongue and
filling my oral cavity till my cheeks bulged and the excess gushed from the
corners of my pink supple lips -- running over my chin, down my delicate white
neck till it dripped from my pink, erect nipples!!  When he did cum it was
exactly as I hoped for and I held his delicious, Black seed in my mouth to
savor for several seconds before I began gulping it down.

      My powerful, gifted Black lover collapsed on the floor pulling me down
with him and held me tightly in his massive arms.  Part of me was terrified and
urged me to run -- run back to my lily-white suburban neighborhood and never
return to this taboo school where a Black man could so easily violate a white
girl like myself.  But there was the other part of me pleading for me to stay,
wait for this incredible stud to recuperate, then beg him to complete my
transformation into a white slut\whore for Black dick!  As always, the slut
side of my being won out but I had to admit that I was terrified of what that
jumbo nigger cock could do to me.  Laying beside my temporarily spent stud, I
glanced down at his now flaccid fuck muscle.  I was amazed to see that even
limp, that ebony firehose was still incredible long with the tip making contact
with his belly several inches above his navel. I was sure that I could have
tied a knot in that Blackreproductive organ.

      I began to fondle it with my tiny white hand and eventually gave in to an
overwhelming desire to explore it's contours with my tongue. Pretty soon it was
rock hard and throbbing once again.  My Black gladiator pulled me to my feet
and reaching under my very short skirt, pulled my sheer, pink panties down to
my ankles then bent me over some boxes and flipped my skirt up on my back.  My
head was spinning at how fast this Black buck had my shapely ass exposed and
into breeding position.  I looked back over my shoulder and saw his enormous
Black weapon hovering just inches over my ass and a wave of sheer terror came
over me.  Crying, I whimpered and pleaded for him not to violate me and to let
me go, though if he had I knew I would have changed my tune and begged him to
rape me!

      The Black man pulled off my T-shirt and, using it as a gag, tied it tight
behind my head.  This was, I knew, to prevent my screams of pain and
eventually, squeals of pleasure from being overhead by the students passing out
in the hallway.  His final preparation was to grab both my wrists and pull my
arms behind my back where he tightly secured both my wrists together with one
powerful Black hand.  I was totally at his mercy and I had never felt more
vulnerable, nor more feminine and sexy as I did at that precise moment.

      Grabbing a fistful of silky, blonde hair, my masculine Black fuck-master
jerked my head back while nudging his massive ebony head into my wet, lust
swollen mound.  I guessed that the outer lips of my delicate pussy would have
to stretch about twice as wide as they ever had before to accommodate the
superiority of his Black manhood, but it felt like I was stretched three times
as wide and the first screams were muffled by my gag.

      That long Black penis began to rape my tight, white girl pussy in the
same way that it violated my throat -- by taking one inch, pausing to allow my
stretched cunt to adjust, withdrawing then taking two inches, pausing, etc...
while my squeals of pain and pleasure increased in intensity with each
additional inch. After each incredible thrust my white slut fucker would call
out the number of inches he had taken and when he had reached only the number
six, I felt that I would split in two.  No man had gone deeper than that point
yet this Black boy had six more inches of thick hard bone to bury!  I had no
doubts that he intended to bury every Black inch into his white slut\slave!
When he began pushing into virgin territory I began to experience a powerful,
strange sensation that continued to grow until it consumed my entire body with
intense convulsions.  It was my first orgasm, far better than anything I had
imagined and I owed it all to this magnificent specimen of Black superiority!!

      That stud kept stretching into me until all twelve, thick inches were
impaled into me and I felt his wiry pubic hair tickling my asshole. He began
fucking me with increasing force and once again the room was filled with the
sound of interracial sex -- the squish-squash of his Black ramrod stretching
the limits of my blonde twat.  The Black man's phallus was so thick  my petite
pussy was stretched into a very tight "o" around his stalk and my swollen clit
was actually pulled tight against his shaft where it received a strenuous
workout from his  powerful thrusts. I actually had three more intense orgasms
before that stud pulled that ebony telephone pole from my distended pussy  (it
made a loud pop) and, spinning me around, sprayed my face and tits with a pint
of Black man's fuck juice. Oh god, I actually wished my bigoted family could
see me now!

      We dressed in silence and when we opened the door we discovered that a
curious crowd had gathered outside.  There were gasps of shock from the
students when they saw a big, brawny, intimidating Black buck emerge followed
by a petite, sexy, half naked blonde who had mussed up hair and residual cum
all over her face and neck. Their reaction thrilled me and I flashed them a shy
but defiant smile of complete satisfaction.

      Oh but I was such a naughty and shameful little white girl! My horizons
had been expanded and I knew that my sexual future would be bigger, Blacker and
infinitely better than anything from my past!


                  ..........................to be continued in
                           BRENDA GETS BLACKED! CH. 5

