Young Innocence Lost
by Cunt N. Twathouse


Beth and Erin became best fiends the day they met in 7th grade. 
It was Beth's first day at a new school and Erin's best friend had
moved away last year.  Both girls had been inseparable for the
first part of the school year, but this was the first night that
Beth got to stay overnight at Erin's house.  It was morning and
Erin's parents had left for work.  With her brother away at
college, the girls were all alone at home.  And since it was a
school holiday, they had the house to themselves.

Erin woke up first.  She lightly rubbed her eyes as she watched her
friend sleep.  Beth's night shirt had crept above her waist and as
she lay still, Erin fixed her eyes on the cotton print panties that
Beth was wearing.  They seemed to be a little tight and she could
clearly make out the outline of her fronds slit.  She wasn't sure
why she was getting a strange feeling looking at another girl.  It
was the same feeling that she got each time just before she played
with herself.

As she looked at Beth, she placed a hand in her own panties and
started to massage her little bud.  This always brought her
pleasure but this would be the first time she had done it when she
wasn't alone.  As she circled her clit with her finger, she admired
her fronds body.  Beth was very cute; long blonde hair, big blue
eyes.  Erin wondered if Beth ever played with herself like she was
doing now.  They had talked about lots of intimate things, but not
that.

Soon an overwhelming urge came overtook Erin to touch her friend
on that special spot.  Even though she didn't know how Beth would
react, she felt compelled to take the chance.  Pretending to be
asleep so that she could claim it was not intentional, Erin allowed
her hand to come to rest on the mattress next to  Beth's crotch. 
After it had been there a minute without any adverse consequences,
she allowed it to brush against the cotton panties.  Little by
little she became more brave, sure that Beth would not wake up and
scream or even worse.

Beth had lay awake, one eye just barely opened, concealed by her
hair.  She watched as Erin, with her hand in her panties, played
with herself.  She was relieved to know that she wasn't the only
girl that did this -- maybe it wasn't so bad after all.   She
wished that  Erin had lowered her pajamas before doing it so that
she could actually see what she was doing.

When Erin suddenly stopped playing with herself, Beth was afraid
that maybe she had sensed that she was awake and closed her eyes
tightly.  But when she felt Erins' hand make contact between her
legs, she knew that wasn't the case.  A little shiver of excitement
trickled through Beth's body as that first initial touch was felt. 
That was the first time anyone had ever touched her there.  She
wasn't expecting it from another girl, but right now that really
didn't matter.  She was excited from watching Erin and that
overcame any sense of wrongdoing.  Besides, she could just lay
there and pretend to be asleep and see what happened.

Erins' touch was very light and casual in the beginning.  But as
time went on and Beth didn't awake and protest, her touch got more
aggressive and deliberate.  She had already caused a wet spot to
appear on Beth's panties and now she was so excited that she didn't
care if Beth did wake up.  Bravely, with one hand she lifted the
waste band of Beths' panties and held them up while she slid the
other hand beneath them.  She brushed her hand over the soft, tiny
patch of sprouting pubic hair and found her friends moist hole with
one finger.  After slightly inserting it she commenced a circular
motion around the girls' clit with her thumb. 

Beth was sure she couldn't pretend to be asleep much longer.  The
tingles of electricity that she had felt had turned to bolts of
lightning as Erins' finger toyed at the entrance to her cunt. 
Slowly, instinctively, she began to rotate her hips in a circular
motion in response to Erins' continuing massage of her clit. 
Sensing that her pretending to be asleep was serving no purpose
except to diminish her enjoyment of the experience, Beth opened her
eyes, smiled at her friend and said softly, "Ummm... that really
feels good."

"I am glad you like it.  I wasn't sure you would.  I don't know why
I started doing this, but I just wanted to."

Beth responded by pulling her panties off and spreading her legs
apart to give Erin more freedom between her legs and  a sort of
unspoken permission to proceed.  Erin buried a finger in Beth's
cunt and started pumping it in and out.

Beth, now discarding her charade of being only a passive
participant, reached inside Erin's pajama bottoms.  Erin wasn't
wearing panties.  She found the moist slit with her finger and
commenced to give Erin the same type of pleasure that she was
receiving.

"The only thing that would make this better is if we had a boy here
with us.", said Beth.

"Like, really.  Except the boys I know would blab all over school. 
Or, you could end up like Melissa Harris -- pregnant!"

"Yeah... you ever done it with a boy?", Beth asked.

"No. Almost did but my brother came home from school early and
messed everything up.  Have you?"

"No, but when the time is right I want to.  I just want to know
what it feels like... I mean, you are making me feel better than
anything I have had yet.",  replied Beth
   
Suddenly Erin stopped.  "You wait right there.  Don't move!", Erin
ordered as she got up from the bed, went to the dresser and reached
way behind a drawer.  Carrying something white and folded into the
bathroom, she told Beth that she would be right back.

The five minutes seemed like an eternity for Beth until the
bathroom door opened and Beth received the second biggest surprise
of the morning.  Erin had slicked back her already short brown
hair, parted it on the side and had it combed in a boys style.  She
was wearing a tee shirt and a pair of boy's jockey shorts.  Her big
brown eyes gave her the look of a young boy that could have been
her twin.  Sensing the question on her friends face, Erin explained
"These used to be my brothers a few years ago.  I rescued them
before Mom threw them out.  Sometimes I sleep in them -- it turns
me on."

"Wow!", Beth exclaimed as she looked at her friend in amazement. 
If she didn't know better, she would swear she was looking at a 7th
grade boy standing before her in his underwear.  She felt her cunt
start to really itch as she admired her friend's ingenuity.

"And that's not all." said Erin as she pulled her jockey shorts
down in the front and revealed about five inches of a double-headed
dildoe protruding from her cunt lips, the other half buried deeply
in her hole.  "I never thought I would get to use both sides of
this at once, but if you're as hot as I am, we need to do it like
now!"

As she walked over to the bed, holding the thing to keep it from
shooting out from between her legs, Beth reached out to touch it
and examine the device.  It was made of a soft, and slightly rigid
vinyl.  The head was just like the drawings she had seen in her sex
ed book, and she could imagine that it was probably pretty close
to the real thing in size and shape. "Got it from a mail order
place last summer.", Erin explained.   "I guess if we don't have
a boy, this is the next best thing."

Beth was a little apprehensive about allowing the thing up her
cunt.  She had put things like that up there before, but it was
always her in control.  But her fear started to subside as her
friend reassured her, "It's okay.  You'll feel great when it is in
you."

With that, Erin removed the dildoe from her cunt and turned it
around, placing the head that had been in her cunt, now slippery
wet, over the opening to her friends hole.  The lubricant on the
head of the plastic dick and the wetness of Beth's cunt caused the
head to pop in with a minimum of resistance.  Beth lay on her back
with her legs spread obscenely, her knees resting against the
budding little mounds on her chest as Erin worked the cock in and
out of her to get her adjusted to it.  When she felt that it was
properly in and not going to be painful for Beth, she positioned
herself between Beth's spread legs.  Once again she pulled down the
front of the jockey shorts she was wearing and expertly inserted
the other half of the dildoe in her own cunt.
 
Slightly, she pumped her hips, allowing the dick to sink first into
her hole and then into Beth's.  Beth was still spread with her
hands behind her knees holding herself open, afraid to resist in
the least.  Soon both girls were pumping their hips in opposite
rhythm until the cock was completely swallowed between both of
their cunts.  Their pussies were rubbing together as Erin humped
Beth, continuing the role of the boy as Beth, now engulfed in
lustful abandon, wrapped her legs tightly around Erin, digging her
heels into her friends pumping ass.  "Fuck me, you slut!"  Beth
cried to her friend, "Bury that cock of yours in me all the way!"

As Erin pumped and her cunt would tighten, the slippery dildoe
would shoot all the way into Beth's cunt.  And as Beth pumped back,
Erin would feel the thing thrust against the back of her hole.  
The girls had the dick so deeply buried into them that their clits
were rubbing together and it didn't take long until both girls
shuddered into ecstacy, juices flowing from their cunts and down
the crack of Beth's ass. 

The girls collapsed in exhaustion, their slippery toy now
glistening as it lay cast aside on the bed.  They kissed each other
passionately feeling the kind of devotion that only one young girl
could feel for another, having traded their youthful innocence for
passion.     

 
-----------------------------------------------------------------
 

                                 