A Story

by Wendy


She should have never let her step father do it I suppose, especially when
me & my friend Ray were in the house, but there she was, knelt on the bed,
panties round her ankles & skirt over her back, Kens cock thrusting in &
out of her very wet pussy. We were peeking through the partly open door
getting a good view of mom being fucked silly. Ray had spent the night & we
had only just got up, still wearing our sleep shorts. "God" Ray said, "Will
you look at that" I noticed his hand rubbing his cock thru his shorts.
"Surely you dont fancy my mom do you?" "Well why not, I bet youve got a
hard on too" I moved in front of Ray to get a better view. I must admit I
did have a throbber on even though it was mom. She`s not exactly beautiful
to look at but I suppose her 36-28-35 body is quite impressive when you
look at it that way, something I`d never done till now. "Shit I`d love to
be Ken right now" he said. Ray pressed closer & I could feel his cock
against my bottom. "Oh yes Ken fuck me please, harder Daddy yes harder, I
want it sooo bad" Kens cock pistoned in & out of moms cunt his balls
slapping her ass.Before I realised what I was doing I`d started stroking my
cock. I dont know wether Ray realised it but he was rubbing himself against
my ass, making fucking motions with his hips. God I was hard. Ray groaned &
slipped his hands round my waist. One hand slid down my shorts & gently he
grasped my aching prick.I gasped & Ray I guess took this as an O.K. because
he started stroking my prick. "Oh Ray, yeah" I whispered. "You like that
Mike? U want to be in there too dont you, fucking that dirty old moms
cunt!" Ken was getting faster & faster slamming into her for all he was
worth, & Ray was almost keeping up with him, pre cum now staining my
shorts. "Ahhhh God Jill yeeesss ohhh yess im cumming baby. Daddys cumming"
Yess Daddy, yes fuck me baby yes cum in me cum in my cunt .Ahhh yess
yeeseses" With that Ken shot his load into moms cunt, dribbling it down her
firm thighs. "Shit we`d better go" I said. Ray kissed the back of my neck &
squeezed my soaking prick. Taking my hand he led me to my bedroom. Pushing
me through the door he closed it behind him. He slipped his arms around me
once more & gently started pushing my shorts down over my ass. "Ray, what
the fuck are you doing I gasped" my prick throbbing in his hand. |Don`t you
like it?" I groaned, leaning back against him his similarly throbbing cock
thrusting against my bottom. |"Oh God Ray, dont, I`ve never done this
before" "Feel how hard I am Mike" He took my hand & placed it on his cock.
I involountarily started stroking it like I did my own when I played with
it. "Yeah Mike, oh yeah, toss me , please" I stroked him gently at first
then with more passion as he pushed me onto the bed. I lay on the bed on my
back& looked at my friends lust filled eyes my 8" sticking proudly up in
the air. Ray reached down & slowly pulled my shorts off. Stepping out of
his as I gazed at his slightly smaller but as hard cock he moved towards
me. He slid over me into the 69 position & lowered his wet mouth onto my
cock. "Ahhhhhh Ray Ohhhh God " He slowly lowered his cock towards my
mouth.& before I knew what to do I`d already done it, sucking his gorgeous
sweet cock as he did mine. It wasnt long before I felt my cum building in
my balls as Ray sucked me . "Come on Mike, let it go, cum on shoot it"
"Ohhh yeahh ooohhhhh im cumming Ray yessss oooohh yesssss" with that I
uloaded my cum into my friends mouth. "Well well. What have we got here?"
Both of us jumped as Ken walked through the door into the room, naked his
cock sticking out in front of him. "It`s o.k.boys, I coudnt help noticing
those sweet young cocks of yours" He came over to the bed & sliding his
hand behind my head he pulled me towards his turgid cock.I let him push it
into my open mouth & started sucking him. "Ohh Mike yess Ahhh thats sooo
good" "Are you a virgin Mike, have you ever taken a cock up that tight
little arse of yours?" "Yess er no I, I, I, " I stammered. "Do it Ray" Ken
said. I felt Rays hands spread my ass cheeks & his tongue slid into my
tight hole. He stopped, then his cock slowly pushed into my ass, "Owwwww,
Owwwwwwwww Rayyyyyyy" "Ohhh yeah Mike. Oh god your tight" Ray began fucking
my virgin ass as Ken fucked my mouth, faster & faster until they both
pumped their hot cum in me. After Ken had left Ray & I lay on the bed,
"That was good, but I`d prefer the real thing " Ray said. "Yeah but who" I
said. Ray reached out & slowly stroked my limp cock."How about that dirty
slut mom of yours, I know I`d like to & I bet you woud`nt turn down a
chance of your cock in her tight little brown hole would you." "Jesus Ray,
she woudnt let us do that for Christ`s sake!!" "Well how about if we make
her do it" He grinned, his hand stroking my already hardening cock. I
leaned over & kissed him, reaching for my friends once more throbbing cock.
"Wait" I said. I left the room & came back wearing a pair of moms silk
french knickers. I slid onto the bed & spread my legs, stroking my
throbbing cock. "Fuck me Ray" I gasped." Fuck me,"

Ray came round next evening but didnt seem interested in talking about the
previous nite. We sat & watched T.V. for a while but that got boring. "Fuck
it" Ray said "havent you got any movies we could watch Mike" I looked in
the drawer but all I came up with was cartoons. "Hav'nt your parents got
any stashed away" He winked."you know, pornos" "I dont know, but if they
did they'd be in their room" "Let's go look, they won't be back for a
while, the movies dont finish for an hour or so" In their room we started
looking through the drawers. Ray found moms underwear drawer. Pulling out a
pair of her french knickers he held them up, sniffing the crotch, "Pity
they're not dirty ones" he grinned, his hand sliding over his now erect
cock tenting his shorts. My mind went back to the previous nite as I stared
at Rays 14 yr old bulge, my own tent rapidly emerging. He disapeared into
the bathroom emerging again holding another pair in up to his nose. "Oh
yeah Mikey, these have been worn, smell 'em" I held the crotch to my nose
savouring the pungent odor of moms cunt. "I bet you wank of with those
don't you" he smiled his hand slid onto the front of my shorts, squeezing
my throbbing cock. "Sometimes" I gasped. "Put 'em on, lets see what you
look like in moms pantys." I slid my shorts off & pulled moms knickers on.
Ray, meantime pulled a slip out of her drawer & some hold up stockings.
"These too" Dressed, I looked at myself in the mirror. "You sure do take
after your mom Mike" Rays arms wrapped round me from behind. Cupping my
balls & stroking my erection. Kissing my neck his hard on pressing against
my ass. "Oh Mikey I wish your mom was here. Do you want me to stop?" "Noooo
don't pleeese" "God you're so hard, mmmmm sooo wet mom" I did'nt miss how
he'd fallen into calling me mommy. His hand slid into my knickers, grasping
me, sliding up & down my erection my pre cum making it slippery. He turned
me round kissing me his tongue snaking in my mouth. Taking my hand he
placed it on his hard on. I gasped, squeezing Rays throbbing knob. "Oh
mommy, yeeesss baby, wank me." I pushed Rays shorts down off his hips,
stroking him slowly. Rays hands came up onto my shoulders, pushing me down
to my knees. "Suck me mom, suck my cock., make me cum" Grasping the root of
his hard on I pushed my lips over his cock, sucking his pulsating member,
tasting his ooze. "Ahhhhhhhhh fuck mom, ahhhhaahhhha fuckkkkkk yehhhhh" He
began fucking my mouth, forcing his cock into my throat almost gagging me.
"Gaaghgghaaahgha'" My hand slipped between his legs sliding my finger to
his tight little asshole, gently pushing it into him I finger fucked my
friends pucker. "I'm gonna cum mommy, aahhhhh godddd im gonna do it" I
stopped abruptly, standing up & kissing him. "No baby, not yet" I gasped, "
Mommy wants you to fuck her, pleese baby fuck me." He dragged me over to
the bed & pushed me on it on all fours. I looked in the mirror, gasping at
the size of Rays dick. He lifted my slip to my waist, reaching round he
gripped my aching cock. "Where mommy, tell me where you want it" "Oh baby,
mommy's ass love, put it in mommys dirty brown hole" Ray fisted his cock
between my cheeks pushing it against my tight arsehole. Gently he pushed
harder forcing it into my hole. "Owwwwwwww bbaaaby owwww oohhhhohohho
godddd you dirty boy aahhhhhhhh" Faster he rode me all the time wanking my
turgid wet cock. "Yess mom ohhhhhh yessss your sooo tight you dirty mommy,
I'm fucking mommys arsehole ahhhhhhhaahhaahhha" "Baby, mommys cumming dont
stop fuck me Ray rape mommys arsehole you shit fucker, yeeeessssss ohhhh
yesssss im there yesssssss ysyesysyyyss aaahhhhhhhh" I shot my load of cum
onto moms bed as Ray pumped his hot seed into my dirty brown hole.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, god that was good" his limp cock plopping out of
my arse. We collapsed on the bed, holding each other. "Fuck, I wish that
had been the real thing Mike" "You mean you'd really like to fuck my mom?"
"Oh yeah, woudn't you?" "I bet you would, bent over the bed her arsehole
wide open, you'd stick it in her I bet" he grinned. I smiled back, trying
to picture mom as a sex object but failing. Neither of us heard the bedroom
door open!!!

Oh shit! Mom stood in the doorway, eyes wide & mouth open, almost struck
dumb by the sight of her 14 yr old son, dressed in her clothes, a rapidly
diminishing hard on dangling from between his legs & his best buddy in
similar state. Not dumb for long though. "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?"
I just sat there, mouth open & bright red with embaressement. She came
further into the room. Hands on her hips she stared at Ray & me, her eyes
travelling over my/her clothes on me. "WELL?" Mom had obviously left work
early, she was wearing her office suit, black jacket, white blouse, black
skirt & either hose or stockings. Ray was the first to react, he looked at
me, quickley slipped his shorts on & walked over to the door. Peering
outside he asked hopefully, " Mr Smith not home then?" "NO" Mom shouted,
althoughg this time not quite as loud. Ray gently closed the door, standing
behind mom, "Just having a little fun is all Mrs Smith" "Fun!!" mom said.
"FUN!!!! & what exaclty was the sort of fun you were having Ray?"
"Weeeeellll. I dont think you really want to know ma`am" "I`m not leaving
till one or both of you tell me EXACTLY what you call fun" "O.k." Ray
sighed. Looking at me over moms shoulder he winked. "Mickey was pretending
he was you as you can see by his clothing, and I was fucking him" My mouth
dropped. CLANG That was my jaw hitting the floor! Moms mouth opened as if
to speak but before she could Ray continued. "First of all I let him suck
my cock, then I sucked his, then I bent him over the bed, pulled his
knickers down to his knees  & slid my throbbing hard on up your son`s tight
little arsehole. "WHAT" mom was livid. "WHAAATTTT" Ray smiled at me again.
I was stunned. I coudn`t believe Ray was talking to my mom like this. He
placed his hands on her shoulders. Standing close to her he almost
whispered in her ear. "He was soooo tight Mrs Smith. Ohhhhh God was he
tight. I started slow then built up faster & faster, pumping my cock into
him" Rays body was pressed against mom`s back & I could see him making
fucking motions against her ass. I didn`t know who was more horrified, me
or mom. "Ohhh yeah" he whispered, "Faster & faster, pumping my cock harder
& harder into your pretty little boy`s virgin ass" "RAY for God`s sake stop
it, you`re disgusting, you both are" "All the time I was thinking of how
tight Mrs Smith`s asshole would be" "Ray, stop it right now" she said. He
winked at me again. "Maybe we should find out how tight it is, eh Mickey?"
"WHAAT" she cried. Ray gripped her shoulders & started pushing her towards
the bed, still thrusting against moms ass with his hips. "What do you mean,
what are you doing, just wait till I tell your mom Ray" but you could tell
an edge of fear had crept into her voice. I as stunned, sat as if glued to
the bed. Mom still hadn`t resisted much even when Ray got her to the side
of the bed. He quickly slipped his arms around her in a bear hug. "Let`s
see what mommys got under these clothes eh Mickey" "NO RAY, MICKEY FOR
GOD`S SAKE" "Ray for fuck`s sake we`ll really be in the shit if you don`t
stop this" "We`re in it allready, but she won`t say anything, remember this
morning?" The image flooded back of mom, bent over the bed with her
father`s cock pumping in & out of her slippery cunt. "O.k." he smiled."Now
lift her skirt Mickey, let`s see what mommy`s got." Mom started struggling
harder. "NO please no stop it" "Shut the fuck up " Ray let go of the bear
hug with his right hand & grabbed mom`s hair twisting it viciously.
"OWWWWWW" "SHUT UP I said. Mickey, come on wake up we have`nt got all day.
Get her fucking skirt up" Mom looked down at me her eyes pleading. I
reached out & slowly began pulling her skirt up. "Noooooooo. Noooooo please
Mickey I`m your mom." she sobbed, tears starting to well in her eyes. Past
her thighs it went till I got to her stocking tops. OH yesss. She was
wearing stockings!!!!!! Higher & higher to the crotch of her white panties.
Up past the panties to her waist. I stared at mom`s figure. Up till now I
hadn`t taking much notice of her but wow I thought, she`s got nice stuff
hidden under there. I could see her black hairy bush clearly through her
panties & the outline of her cunt lips. "Does she shave" Ray said. "No" I
whispered. "No it`s black & bushey." My cock by this time was standing
erect, glistening with pre cum, a fact which mom noticed as I caught her
looking at it before she hurriedly glanced away. "Fuck, oh yeah" Ray began
thrusting his obvious hard on against mom`s ass. "Ohhh pleeese baby nooooo"
Tears were rolling down mom`s cheeks. Ray pushed her forward so she fell
face down on the bed her knees on the floor. "Take her knickers off" He
gasped. I knelt down next to mom & pulled her tight white panties down to
her ankles & then off. Her cries of protest were muffled by the bedding.
"Take mine off too Mickey, I can`t do it & hold her at the same time" Ray
was kneeling behind her. I slowly pulled my buddy`s shorts down to his
knees his throbbing cock springing out, hard & very wet. "Get her arse hole
wet, God I want to fuck her arse so bad" Rays words instead of repulsing me
only served to spur me on. He spread mom`s thighs with his knees & we both
looked at the sight that greeted us. Mom`s ass was spread slightly, her
puckered brown hole so small & tight. We could see her cunt lips slightly
parted & hairy, opening & closing as she struggled slighty in Ray`s grip. I
was so turned on I reached out & slid my hand onto Ray`s prick. It twitched
& throbbed in my grip as I slowly wanked his cock, greasing it with his own
pre cum. "Oh fuck Mickey, look at that, quick, get her wet before I shoot
my load on her ass instead of in it." Reaching down I placed my fingers on
mom`s hairy gash, slowly sliding them along it`s length. "Play with her
clit, that`ll get her wet" I reached further finding her hooded clit &
tweaking it, rolling it in my fingers. Mom`s bottom began to move, not
because she wanted it to, it was just nature`s way. "Noooooooo. Noooooooo
please no stop it pleese" Her muffled cries & tears went unheeded. I slid
my fingers into mom`s slit, slowly working them in & out, in & out. "Is she
wet yet?" "Oh yeah Ray, she`s sopping" Without prompting I greased her
tight arse hole, sliding one finger in, then two pumping them in & out,
oiling up her brown hole. "Is it tight Mickey?" "About as tight as this" I
said squeezing my buddie`s cock hard, stroking my hand up & down his shaft.
"Ohhh fucckk Mickey, put it in for fuck`s sake" I guided Ray`s cock to
mom`s arsehole & slowly he pushed. "OOOOOOOWWWWWWW NOOOOOOOOOOO" He pushed
harder, I watched the head of it push passed her sphincter then slide
slowly in. "Ahhhhhhhhhhh. Yeeaaaahhhh Mickey ohhhhhh fuck yeaaeah" He began
fucking moms` brown shit hole, slowly, then faster & faster. "Fuck me
Mickey. Put your cock in my ass while I fuck your mom" I slid behind him,
greasing his tight arse hole with my pre cum I pushed my aching throbbing
cock into Ray`s tight bottom. "Ohhhhhhhh fuck Ray yeah, you`re sooooo
tight." We both gathered momentum. Faster & faster. "Tell her what you`re
doing Mickey" he gasped. "Oh mom, yeah, I`m fucking Ray`s ass, I can see
him fucking yours, fucking mommy`s dirty shit hole, ohh God yeah
Ahhhhhhhhhhh fuck mom." Faster & faster Rays cock pumped in mom`s arse hole
as I kept up with him, fucking his hole. "I`m cuuummmimg Mickeeeyyy oh God
I`m cumming, ahhhhhhhhhhha oohhhhh yeeeaaahhh yesssss yesssssss" I watched
mom`s hole overflow as Ray pumped his cum into her, dribbling down her
thighs onto her stockings. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh Rayyyy ahhhhhhhhhh fufckckckkkkkc
Rayyyyy yyeeesss aahhahhhhhhhh" I shot my load into my buddy`s ass, gasping
with pleasure. Mom stirred after a while, slowly standing up, "Can I go
now?" she whispered, tears staining her face, cum dribbling down her legs
to her feet. She slowly walked out without waiting a reply. "Fuck that was
good Mickey" "Yeah" I gasped, wishing it was my cock, not Ray`s in mom`s
sweet tight dirty arse hole.


















