Archive-name: Bondage/bet9.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Bet, The - Part 9


        He could feel the warmth from the wet cloth seeping into 
his loins.  There was a gentle tugging and the sound of scissors 
at work.   He felt each section of his pubic hair trimmed in this 
way.  This was followed by a second warm wet cloth going over the 
trimmed area in a wiping motion.  He heard her soft steps going 
to the sink in the bathroom and water running.
        As she returned, she said, "Try not to wiggle.  We don't 
want any accidents now do we."  What was worse was that she 
giggled as she said it.  He felt a cool lime foam spread over 
his lower abdomen.
        His erection continued unabated.  He felt the razor shave 
the hair as she worked her way from right to left on his pubes.  
She seemed to take delight, judging from the odd giggle, in 
gripping the base of his shaft and pulling it to one side to 
allow a smoother, more thorough trim.  At the half way point she 
put the razor down and gripped his balls in one hand and his 
shaft in the other.  
        "Are we having fun yet?"  She tried to say it with a 
stern voice, but couldn't keep the correct tone.  Regardless of 
what he thought of the proceedings, she was certainly having her 
own fun over this.
        "I don't know that 'fun' is exactly how I'd describe it 
..." he began.  His train of thought was interrupted by her mouth 
beginning to envelope his straining member.
        After a few seconds she released it.  "Just how would you 
describe it?"  Without waiting for an answer, she went back down 
on his member.  Her teeth gently stroked the sides of his cock.
        "Its an odd feeling.  Kind of kinky, and a little bit 
scary."  
        Coming up for air, she asked, "How is it scary?"
        "Part of it is your having that razor next to my 
privates, part of it is just being bare there.  I've never had 
this done before.  It's going to really feel weird."
        Taking his cock from her mouth, she picked up the razor 
and continued her work.  Working slowly, she had the area above 
his cock smooth in a few more minutes.  Her constant use of his 
cock as a lever helped to insure that his attention was firmly 
pressed on the task at hand.
        She put the razor down, slid her body along his until her 
mouth was next to his.  She kissed him, sliding her tongue deep 
into his mouth, running her hands over him at will.
        "Now, I want you to be a good boy and be very still for 
this next part."  Her left hand slid back, gripping his cock.  
"It would be very funny taking you to the Emergency room if I 
slipped, but it will upset my plans for the rest of the evening.  
Will you try and hold still."
        "Yes.  I'll try."  His voice was rasping, barely under 
control.
        "I'm glad you're going to be a good boy."  she answered, 
kissing him again, never relinquishing her grip on his straining 
member, her thumb running back and forth over the head.
        She spent over a minute slowly slinking back down his 
body.  Getting off of the bed, she wiped down the area she had 
shaved with the cooling wash cloth.  Taking it and the razor to 
the sink, she rinsed both of them in warm water.  She wrung out 
the cloth and returned to the bed again.  Taking his shaft and 
scrotum, she bathed them with the warm cloth.  
        Giving his cock a kiss, she began shaving the hairs at 
the base.  She took extreme care.  The process of shaving his 
cock took nearly five minutes, by itself.  There were no nicks.  
Had he been able to see her face, he would have known how 
seriously she was taking the project.  As it was, her wistling, 
'Singing in the Rain', slightly off key, gave him no such 
confidence.  
        When she was finished, she took the whole length of his 
member into her mouth, reveling in it's smoothness.  She found 
one rough area.  She applied more shaving cream to it and trimmed 
the last of it's stubble.  She wiped it down carefully with her 
wash cloth.  When she was satisfied it was smooth, she double 
checked the entire base with her tongue.  
        She ran her left hand over his cock and now bare abdomen.  
"How does that feel?" she asked.
        It took him several seconds to answer.  "It feels really 
strange.  It feels like I'm more naked."  Her hand continued to 
stroke him, "It feels like I'm totally helpless.  If I wasn't 
tied up, I'd have told you to stop.  I wouldn't have ..." Her 
thumb smearing a drop of emission from the tip of his cock over 
the head caused him to falter, " ... have the nerve to go through 
with it on my own."
        She took his cock totally in her mouth.  Now it was 
completely smooth.  Releasing it, she said simply, "Now you hold 
still.  This part will be more difficult."
        Ten minutes later she had his scrotum smooth as well.
        She took an extra few minutes to trim the hair on his 
legs where it would rub against his cock and balls.  She enjoyed 
it so much that it was hard to know where to stop.  She took a 
pause every couple of minutes to suck on his nice clean cock, or 
whenever she judged he was about to object.  A couple of times 
she took his balls in her mouth, amazing herself at how different 
it felt to do this with no hair to get in the way.  At last she 
trimmed, with great care, the area between his scrotum and anus.  
        Then, deciding that he had, after all, been very good, 
she untied him, placing a finger on his lips as he began to 
speak.  She took his cock in her mouth, cupped his balls in her 
hand, and penetrated him with her finger as she sucked on his 
long suffering cock.  After a moment she shifted position and 
placed her furry sex over his mouth as well.  
        She began pumping into him in time with the bobbing of 
her head.

--
