                             My First Experience

I grew up with two girls in my neighborhood, who, during the earlier years
were Tomboys. We played football and basketball together during warm weather
and Monopoly when it was cold.

Although we were all the same age, they achieved puberty earlier than I and
they used to taunt me about having the ability to have an orgasm through
masturbation while I was still on the dry side of life. They were always
asking me if I had a wet dream, and teasing me about my impotence. Finally,
when I was 13, I had my first nocturnal emission! Excitedly, I rushed to my
two friends and told them that I had finally "made it". They got animated and
wanted to know all about it and told me that they wanted to see a live cock
that could really come!

Now they had never see a cock before - even though we had previously had
numerous conversations about sex. We went out to a small shed on our property
and undressed. Both the girls were just beginning to get their tits and their
pussy hair was still sparse.

The girls, Linda and Lori, fondled my prick while it got harder and
harder. After a little while, Lori bend down and kissed its head and I shot
off into her face! We all laughed and continued. (At that age, I could get
hard immediately after coming and do it again repeatedly! [Oh how I would love
to regain my youth!]).

I examined their beautiful pussies to my heart's content. I really got to know
what a pussy looks like because the girls were not bashful and were willing to
tell me what felt good to them and what didn't.  (That experience helped me in
my relationships with women in all of the subsequent years, and is still
helping me to be a better lover!)

After extensive mutual examination, we decided to do something which I have
never been able to repeat - (although I would love to be able to do it again!).
We started taking turns dancing. I would insert my stiff cock into one of
their pussies and we would dance slowly around the room. I came three more
times before it finally wilted and would not come back to life. I massaged
Linda's clit until she came and then kissed Lori's love lips until she
came also.

The amazing thing about all of this is that neither of the girls got pregnant
from our first fucks during this episode. While the three of us talked about
our lovemaking for the rest of the time we shared the neighborhood, we never
fucked again for fear of the consequences.

