Copyright © 1997, Carnal Quill.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




HOME IMPROVEMENT:  Beth’s Diary
By The Carnal Quill (as Magic Wand)


November 10, 1994

Dear Diary,

Randy and I got caught having sex by his little brother Mark today!

I still can't believe what happened!!!

As I've already told you, we haven't gotten to have sex for about a week, and 
we were practically going crazy with horniness.  Randy and I rushed home from 
school because it's Thursday, and nobody else is usually there on Thursday 
afternoons until about 5:00.

So we got in the house at 3:45 and ran up to his room, thinking that we had a 
good hour to mess around until Mark and Jill got home from karate practice, 
and Brad and Tim got home from football practice.

Anyways, we rushed into his room and he left the door open like always so we 
could hear if anybody came home.  Randy flipped his shoes off and started 
pulling his pants down without even bothering with his shirts, he was in such 
a rush.  I couldn't wait, either, so I did the same thing as fast as I could.

My panties were already damp with my moisture as I peeled them off, and I 
could smell my scent fill the air.  I laid back on his bed with my socks, 
blouse, and bra still on and my legs spread wide for him.

He was already rushing over to me with just his pants off, his beautiful 
sapphire eyes burning with desire, his wonderful erection bouncing under the 
hem of his white T-shirt.  Seeing his lust for me made my cunt swell and my 
clitty throb, and I couldn't wait to finally be joined with his beautiful 
young body again.

He sighed, "Oh, Beth, I need you so bad," as he laid on top of me, and I said 
I wanted him, too.  His weight felt so good on top of me!  I wrapped my arms 
around him and rubbed his back as he got into position.  He was trembling so 
much!

Then I felt his glans jab into my clitty, and I felt like exploding.  I 
shuddered and had a little cum as I ground my pelvis against his, feeling his 
erection become trapped along my crack, and his cool balls at the hot entrance 
to my vagina.

Then he groaned in my ear and whispered, "Uungh!  Hurry!"

I could hear desperation in his husky young voice, and felt it in his tense, 
shuddering muscles.  I could tell he was already about to have his cum, and 
wanted it to be as good as I could make it.

He raised his bottom, and I positioned myself to take him inside me when he 
came back down.  It happened perfectly, and we both moaned as his penis slid 
inside me.  I had already wet him along the bottom of his cock, but the top 
was dry, and it made my sensitive clitty scrape along it and feel like it was 
on fire.

Then he was in all the way, and we pressed hard against each other.  I could 
feel his smooth, cool balls flatten against my bottom, and his shirt press 
against my pubic hair.  I squeezed his cock with my cunt until I could feel it 
throbbing like it had a little motor in it, and I could feel my wetness spread 
around it.

After about ten seconds of squeezing his penis, I let my bottom fall back to 
the bed so he had room to thrust it back in, but that was a mistake because it 
made him start to cum.  He just grunted "Arrgh!" and came down hard inside me.  
I felt all of his muscles suddenly relax while his penis swelled and began to 
jerk rapidly.  I could feel the warmth of his sperm fill my uterus and come 
oozing back out between his cock and my cunt.

Randy just laid there squirting inside of me for about ten more seconds, 
pinning me so I couldn't move.  I'm used to him doing that because he doesn't 
like me to move while he's cumming.  Then I felt him starting to shrink inside 
of me, letting more juice flow out and down my bottom.  He jerked it in and 
out a few times as he finished cumming, and just as I thought I might be able 
to get to another cum, he collapsed and stopped moving.  I knew he'd take it 
out if I tried to squeeze on it any more, so I just hugged him and ran my 
hands through his golden hair and whispered my love to him as I enjoyed the 
warmth of his seed inside my womb.

Randy's first cum is always fast, but we can usually do it two or three times 
in an hour, so I was content to wait for him to recover before I got my next 
cum.

We were both just laying there with our eyes closed, his softened penis still 
inside me when we heard a high voice say, "What are you doing?"

Our eyes popped open, looking at each other in terror.  We didn't have to look 
at the intruder to know it was little brother Mark, mysteriously home from 
karate practice.  And if Mark was home....

"Where's Mom?"  Randy asked, his worried eyes going to the open doorway.

"At school studying because I have a cut foot and couldn't go to karate today.  
So what are you doing?  Are you hurting Beth?"  Mark couldn't take his eyes 
off his brother's smooth bottom between my legs, and I couldn't help but be 
touched by his concern in spite of my predicament.

Randy was in quite a spot.  He'd managed to pull his slimy penis out of me, 
but couldn't move without giving Mark an instant education in female anatomy.  
His neatly made bed offered no cover for us, either.

Satisfied that his life wasn't in immediate peril, Randy got angry.  "No!  Why 
don't you get the hell out of here and give us some privacy, you little dork!"

That was a mistake.  I think that if Randy had been nice, Mark would have 
left.  But he just gulped and kept his eyes fastened determinedly on Randy's 
bottom.

"I'm telling!"

Randy just flopped down on me in disgust, knowing his brother held all the 
cards and at a loss for what to do.  It was actually the first time I've ever 
seen Randy not be able to squirm out of trouble somehow.

I decided that I'd better do something fast or our lives would be over.

I smiled at Mark as best I could and said, "Mark, Randy isn't hurting me.  We 
were actually having fun.  It's called sex."

Mark came over and sat on the bed.  "I want to see."

At this point I was willing to do anything to keep his silence, so I said, 
"Promise you won't tell?"

"Maybe."  Mark shrugged.

"OK, but I hope you won't," I agreed.

"Beth, no!"  Randy protested.

"Do you have a better idea?"  I asked.

He didn't, so I told him to roll over next to me.  It took a minute for me to 
get him to do it, but he had no choice.

When Randy rolled off, Mark's eyes went wide, and a strange mixture of 
emotions ran across his face: surprise, shock, disgust, fascination, and 
finally lust.  His eyes took in my dark little triangle of pubic hair and 
nearly hairless outer lips, surrounding my dark pink inner lips and clit 
sheath.  My entrance gaped open with our pearly white juices smeared all over 
it and down to my white bottom.  Randy's pale penis was soft and down to about 
an inch long, a clear droplet of his cum juice sitting at the tip of his 
glans.  His hairless scrotum hung loosely with its plump little balls hanging 
down his bottom.

"Oh, WOW!"  Mark managed to say in a whisper, after many long seconds of 
inspecting the two of us.

"Are you satisfied, now?"  Randy barely managed to sound civil.  "Can we get 
dressed and not have you running to mom and dad?"

Unfortunately, Mark wasn't about to give up his advantage so easily.  He 
wanted to know about the mysteries of sex, and this was his big chance.  I 
can't say I really blame him.

"I want to see how you do it, first."  He said firmly, his dark eyes still 
taking in the aftermath of our sex.

Randy just groaned and flopped down on his back, staring at the ceiling.  I 
kept staring at Mark.  There was definite lust in his young eyes, and a tent 
had formed in the sweat pants he was wearing.  An idea began to form in my 
mind.  If we got him to be as involved as we were....

I smiled at Mark and looked pointedly down at his little erection.  "Well, OK, 
Mark.  I think a big boy like you can handle it."

I told Randy to move to the middle of the bed and lie still.  Then I climbed 
on top of him facing away from Randy and toward Mark.  As I straddled Randy's 
tummy, I took his penis in both of my hands and began to massage it.  It was 
already nearly hard, and Randy's lack of further protest told me that he 
didn't seem too opposed to this idea.  After all, if we were going to go down, 
we might as well go down flaming and get an extra screw out of it!

So I told Mark how a boy's penis got nice and hard when he wanted to have sex 
as I caressed Randy's cock and balls.  I explained that a boy's balls made 
sperm and that sperm made girls have babies if the girls weren't protected by 
pills like I was.

Randy's erection was now at it's full four slender inches, and I picked a bead 
of his stringy cum off of it to show Mark.  He took it off my finger, and let 
it stretch between his thumb and forefinger, fascinated.  He wanted to know 
how he could get his sperm out, and Randy told him that he had only started to 
sperm a year ago when he was twelve, and Brad, their older brother, had been 
making sperm since he was twelve, too.

Mark asked a lot of questions, and Randy got more into the lesson as I got him 
hornier and hornier.  When Mark asked him why he had to shoot his sperm and 
make such a mess in me, Randy patiently told him how good sex felt, and that 
shooting sperm was uncontrollable to a boy, but felt awesome.  When Mark asked 
what it felt like to shoot sperm, Randy said it felt like when Mark had to pee 
really, really bad for a long time and then was finally able to let it out.

I looked at the clock, and it said 4:30, so I decided that Mark's lesson had 
to end, and that I had better do something to complete my plan.  So I told him 
how I was about to put Randy's hard penis into my vagina, and that I could 
tell that his dickie was really hard and excited, and that he would probably 
be much more comfortable if he took his pants off while he watched us.  Randy 
is a very smart boy, and he picked up on my intent immediately and gave me a 
light pat on my bottom to let me know he agreed with it.

I knew Mark was uncomfortable because he had kept grabbing his penis during 
his lesson.  I was very surprised when Mark just shrugged and stood up to take 
his pants and underwear off.  When he sat back down, his adorable little 
three-inch penis was sticking straight up.  It was only about as thick as my 
thumb, which is about half as thick as Randy's cock.  Mark's cute little 
scrotum was about as big as half an egg.  For some reason, seeing his little 
virgin cock all hard like that made me very horny.

I finally kneeled and guided Randy's erection into my vagina as I lowered 
myself again.  It was still a little sticky, and went in smoothly.  We both 
moaned in pleasure as I slowly came down his shaft.  Mark gasped and leaned 
forward so that his face was only inches away from the action and his little 
erection was pointed straight at me.  I watched it throbbing in mid-air as I 
slowly raised and lowered myself on Randy's cock.

Soon, Randy's cock was coated with my white cream that began to collect at the 
base of his penis and in his sparse, golden pubic hair.  We made a thick 
slurping sound as he moved in and out of me.  At one point, Mark reached out 
and smeared some of the cream on his finger, rubbing it with his thumb in 
amazement.

"Is he sperming in you, Beth?"  He asked.

"No, Mark, that's just my lubricant.  It helps his penis slide better."  I 
managed to gasp as I squeezed my cunt muscles around Randy's beautiful, hard 
cock and heard him grunt with pleasure behind me.  I checked his scrotum to 
make sure his balls weren't next to his penis yet.  He always cums shortly 
after that happens.  I reached down to massage the plum-sized sac, smearing my 
juices over them as they dripped down his shaft.

Mark began smearing the cream on his penis.  He took little dabs off of 
Randy's pubic area and began to smear my juices onto his little erection.  
Then he put his fist around it and began to jerk it as he watched us.  His 
eyes widened.

"Oooo!  Is this what it feels like?"  He asked me.

I smiled at his cleverness, and said that it might be close.  He continued to 
do that, taking more cream when he needed it.

The clock said 4:40.  I was amazed Randy had lasted this long, even on his 
second effort.  But it was time to wrap it up.  I began to ripple my muscles 
up and down the length of Randy's cock while holding it deep inside of me.  At 
the same time I twisted around on the base of Randy's penis, massaging his 
smooth balls.  With my free hand, I began to frig my clitty.

Mark was gasping loudly, his mouth hanging open as he watched us.  His hand 
was a blur along his little cream-coated rod.  Randy's balls tightened up 
close to his penis, and his hands, which had been caressing my bottom, grabbed 
at my thighs to hold me still.  I pulled his throbbing cock out of me and 
began to rub the slimy thing between my hand and burning clitty.  Randy 
groaned with disappointment, but couldn't hold back.  I felt his cock swell 
and jerk as I came against it.  My engorged clitty and inner lips began to 
pulsate with my cum.  I came hard watching Mark jerk himself until he was red 
in the face, and Randy's sweet balls tighten with his cum.  I remembered just 
in time to lift my blouse as Randy's thin sperm began to spurt out.  At first 
it just spat a fraction of an inch into the air before oozing back down.  Then 
three jets of the translucent cream spattered against my tummy, followed by a 
thin stream of it oozing out and into my hand and against my cunt.

Then Mark gave a grunt and his hand slowed into the irregular rhythm that 
Randy went into as he came.  Mark was cumming!  I recognized the glazed, 
distant look in his eyes as the one Randy had when he came with his eyes open.  
I'm sure it was his first, and he certainly looked like he was enjoying it.  
No sperm came out, though, as Randy had indicated would be the case.

We all collapsed for a moment until I noticed the clock said 4:47.  We 
scrambled into the bathroom to clean up as best we could, then got dressed 
quickly.  I left for home immediately.  Last I saw of Mark, he had a dreamy 
smile plastered on his face.  I don't think he'll talk, but in case he does, 
I'll save this and start a new file:  My Last Will and Testament.

Beth










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....