[Chapter 10   The Pitch and The Squeeze]

It took over week for Ann to get Mattie interested in her.  Mattie had
heard, of course, that Ann was hanging around with me, and like most
of her ex-friends was giving the former Queen of the school the cold
shoulder.  But Ann was not so easily deterred, and made a point of
walking by Mattie in the shower after phys ed class, and giving her
long friendly looks in class.

We figured that if Mattie had been interested in Ann at some point,
enough attention paid to her should rekindle things.  If not, well
then this would probably not work.  But we had nothing to lose.

It was Mattie who approached Ann on a tuesday morning, right after
another `hot' shower in the girl's locker room.  While Ann would not
relate their conversation verbatim ("Girl talk, you wouldn't be
interested") she made it clear that Mattie seemed as hot for her as
ever.

We'd decided not to bring Mattie to our little apartment.  It was
better if that remained our secret place, especially since we did not
know how she would react to what we had planned.  Instead, we decided
to use Ann's own bedroom in the main house, which would work perfectly
since Ann's parents were to leave the city that weekend and Ann's
older sister was away at college.

It was to be a study session and a sleep over.  Mattie would bring her
books over, but the real agenda was to have some fun, to resurrect
their flagging friendship.  Ann's agenda, of course, was to get Mattie 
into bed with her, and eventually to get me in there too.

Ann was quite skeptical about this last part ("Mattie is more of a
princess than I use to be, love"), so I formed a little plan of my
own, which Ann found delightful.  I would hide in the closet, which 
had French doors and could be left open a crack very easily, and would
take photos of the two girls together, as I had done with Ann and Bill.  
If Mattie refused the menage a trois, we could use the same sort of
threat I'd used on Ann to get her to cooperate.

I was suprised that Ann was willing, even enthusiastic about the photo
idea; after all, the photos of her and Bill had to hold some bad
memories.  But she was absolutuly giggling at the idea, saying that
"what was good for catching one prissy little bitch ought to work well
on another."

They planned to meet on a Saturday afternoon, around 3:00pm, and for
Mattie to stay that night.  I'd never even been in the main house, let
alone Ann's room, and I wanted to break-in her bed that morning, before
the party with Mattie began.  She was extremely willing, so we spent
the hours between 10:00am and noon joyously fondling and humping in
her flowery bed.  I only let myself come once, though, as I wanted to 
save my strength for the evening.

What a room!  Everything in it looked extremely expensive, from the
frilly canopy bed to the textured wallpaper to the solid oak, antique
furniture.  The carpeting was rich, lush wool, which made the room
whisper quiet.  Except for the sounds we made, of course.

Ann had finished a particularly vigorous cocksucking session, my come
now dribbling out the sides of her grinning mouth and dripping onto
her tits, when the princess phone (naturally) next to her bed rang.  
Since I was in an impish mood I began tongueing her snatch while she 
tried to talk on the phone.

"Um, he-hello," she said, then grinned and tried to push my head away,
"Oh, hi Mattie."  She said the name with emphasis, as if to tell me
this was too important and I should stop; I sucked her harder.  "Um, 
no, no I'm fine, uh, I just ran upstairs and, uhhhhh, I'm a little out 
of br-breath.  Sure, you can come....  come early.  When? F-Fine, see 
you at one then..."

She hung up and then playfully slapped the top of my head.  "Oh, you
crud! If, uh, if, uh, if she th-thought you w-were here she,
mmmmmmmmmm, oh fuck it...  go, baby, go..." She pressed my head into
her cunt and started to come again.

We only had an hour, and Ann wanted to make sure the room was
sufficiently aired out (and her pussy was dry) before Mattie got
there, so we stopped and cleaned up.

Mattie arrived right on time, Ann rushing downstairs to let her in.  I
was amused and excited to see Ann so eager for this.  I found myself a
reasonably comfortable position in the closet, readied my camera, and
left the door open a crack.  Soon thereafter I heard them coming up
the stairs.

Not much happened in the first few hours.

The closet idea had sounded fine, but in practice it was a pain.  Four
o'clock that afternoon found me rather cramped and trying to remain
silent while the girls sat and did homework.  Ann had tried on several
occasions to get the conversation into the sexual arena, but Mattie
was pretty worried about her economics class and was hard to distract. 
She had not come dressed to play either, wearing a sweatshirt and jeans.
Ann looked like a cute little babydoll in her frilly robe, and I knew
from recent personal experience that she wore nothing underneath.

Finally, Ann did what my mind had been screaming for her to do for the
last hour - she loosened her robe so that Mattie could get a glimpse
of her tits if she tried to.  Ann leaned forward on the bed, obstensively
to make a note from her schoolbook, but her tits almost spilled out
and Mattie could not help but see.

"Gee, Ann, you're about to lose your robe," Mattie said.  Mattie had a
voice that was almost indistinguishable from Susan Saint James, though
she looked nothing like her.  Now there was a slight tension in that
voice - at least I thought there was.

"Well, we've seen it all in PE, haven't we?  Frankly, I'm a little
warm in this anyway - I think I put on a t-shirt..."

She walked to the closet, dropping her robe.  I jumped for a second
when I realized that she planned to open the door, but had to notice 
that Mattie was staring at her naked body as she walked by.  Ann was 
right, Mattie's interest in her was definitely still alive and 
definitely sexual.

Ann threw the closet door open and stood before me, naked, her body
blocking the view that Mattie would otherwise have had of me crouching
among the shoes and boxes.  She smiled down at me and winked, then ran
her tongue over her lips and flashed me a look of pure lust.  My dick
became hard, of course, which made me very uncomfortable.  She smiled
again, as if that was her little prank on me.

She drew out a knee-length t-shirt, black with a white cat face on it,
and closed the door (not quite all the way, of course).  Still nude,
she walked to the center of the room and held the T-shirt up to her 
chest.

"Isn't this great?  I had it made at that place near Sherman's.  The
gal hand painted it and everything..."  Ann lifted it to slip it over 
her head, then feigned a little trouble untangling the material - all 
to give Mattie plenty of time to look.

Mattie stared on appreciatively.  Her lips formed a silent little
pucker at Ann's exposed pussy and tits.  I was looking at Mattie, 
and was realizing just how lovely a girl she was.  She had very 
looks very much like Ann Margaret, though she was a bit more busty 
and her hair was a deeper shade of red.  Like most guys, I had really 
only noticed her large breasts before, which were hard to overlook, 
but as she was dressed in a shapeless sweatshirt and posed in profile, 
from my vantage point, I had an opportunity to really see her face.  I 
hoped all the more that this evening went as Ann and I had planned.

"Much better," Ann said.  "Gee, I hope you brought something else to
wear.  It can get warm in the evening, especially upstairs in this
house."

"No," Mattie said, still staring, "I'm afraid this is it.  I guess
I'll just have to sweat."

"Heavens no," Ann exclaimed, stepping back to the closet, "I'm sure I
have something you can wear..."

As Ann opened the closet, again hiding me with her body and again
flashing me one of her famous boner-producing looks, I heard Mattie
behind her: "Well, we're not exactly the same size, Ann, you know."

"Up top," Ann said, sliding the hangers one by one.  "But I'll find
something.  You're going to die in that."

Ann winked at me again and I had to stifle a laugh at what she had
chosen.  It was a neglige that would leave little to the imagination
on Ann, let alone buxom Mattie.  I bit my hand to keep silent.

"Here, Ann said, turning and closing the closet partway again, "this
will look fantastic on you."

Mattie took the hanger.  "This is way too small.  I'll pop out the top
if I don't ruin it."

"It'll be fine," Ann said.  When Mattie made no move to put it on she
sighed.  "Mattie, give it a try.  Don't be so prissy."

"Prissy?  Shit..."  Mattie pulled her sweatshirt over her head in one
motion, revealing a quite simple white cotton bra underneath.  Her
breasts, 36's at least and perhaps more, were held fast by the bra,
which was probably the only kind she could get to fit her.  She
unsnapped her jeans and slid them off, almost looking me right in the
eye for a moment, then stood there, magnificent in her white
underwear, arranging the neglige and preparing to pull it on.

Ann sighed again.  "That's not exactly meant to be worn with
underwear, you know."

Mattie stopped and looked Ann right in the eye for a moment.  "What
are you up to, Ann?  Trying to get my clothes off?"

"I see what you're got every day in gym.  Why would I be trying to do
that now?"  Ann's face was calm and assured.  "Maybe I make you
uncomfortable?  I never did before."

Without another word, Mattie reached around and unsnapped her bra with
one hand.  The elastic of the brastrap twanged and the bra flew away
from her chest, reveling a truly impressive set of tits.  Jugs that
large usually sag to some degree, but Mattie's hung just enough to
give you a sense of their mass.  They were full, proud, and ripe, and 
her youth made them firm.  Her nipples were small, especially for those
breasts, and they sat high, almost like cherries on a sundae. 
Freckles lightly dotted the tops of both breasts.  I was in awe.

Next came her panties.  She stepped out of them without bending much,
just dropped the panties and lifted one foot, reaching back to snag
the panties with her right hand, her eyes never leaving Ann's.  Her pussy
hair was so fine as to be virtually nonexistant.  More freckles dotted
the tops of her thighs, stopping abruptly at the pantyline.  Her skin
was milky white.  She was magnificent, like an amazon, her long red
hair in a cloud around her head.  She really looked every bit the
Playboy playmate - large, firm breasts, slim waist, round, tight ass,
long shapely legs.  Her skin was smooth and fair - and with that red
hair and her intensely youthfull looks she was like a buxon Irish
serving girl.  She seemed to stand there for hours, motionless, though
I'm sure it was just a moment or two before she spoke.

"OK, Ann.  Was this what you wanted?"

Ann smiled that warm you're-my-friend smile and Mattie smiled back in
the same way, like a secret handshake.  "I thought you were going to
try on the camisole."

"You know it won't fit."  Again, that smile.

"Hmmm.  I guess not.  Well, we could swap..." and with that she pulled
the T-shirt over her head in one smooth motion.  Both women now stood
naked, and Ann took a step toward Mattie, her hand extended, holding
the t-shirt.

Then I made a mistake.  I clicked off a shot.  The room, silent as the
grave with all that wool carpet insulating it against outside sound,
fairly echoed with the click of the shutter.  All of a sudden Mattie
grabbed the t-shirt and held it up to her chest.

"What was that!" she said, turning around.

"What was what?" Ann asked, touching her shoulder and trying to sound
calm.

"I heard a clicking sound.  God, it sounded like a camera."  Mattie
stepped to the window and peeked around the curtains.

"Oh, that," Ann said, and here she impressed me with the deftness of
her lie.  "That's my dad's burgaler alarm system.  There are little
switches everywhere and sometimes they make noise.  It wakes you up at
night until you get use to it.  It's kind of spooky sometimes.
Here..." She stepped to the stereo, flashing me an exasperated look,
and turned the radio on to a smooth-sounding, jazzy station.  "This is
how I drown it out when I'm home alone..."

Mattie had turned back from the window, and was watching Ann's lovely
lithe body as she bent to the stereo.  When Ann turned to face her,
their eyes locked again and there was another heavy moment of silence,
with just the music to fill the space.  Mattie still held the t-shirt
in from of her, but Ann stood completely naked, and seemed quite
comfortable.

"Ann," Mattie began, "I get the feeling that something is going on
here, but I don't understand."

"Don't you?"  Ann's voice was suddenly serious, and sultry.  "I
wonder.  You remember the time we watched those porny movies in the 
garage?"

"Sure," Mattie said, dropping her eyes.  "The guy with the big dong
and that girl who looked like a drug addict."

"No, the other one," Ann said, crossing to sit on the bed.  She had
not told me about any other film.  This was interesting.

"Um, yeah.  We didn't watch all of that one.  Susie got grossed out."

"But you wanted to watch it."

"No, I..."

"C'mon Mattie.  We've known each other for a long time.  When I showed
that movie of the two women making love I already knew what was on
it."

Mattie looked up, suprised.

"Don't you think I'd watched them before?  And since?"

"I didn't think about that.  So you knew..."

"I knew it was a lesbian film.  I knew it would turn you on - no,
don't say anything."  Ann leaned over and touched Mattie on the arm, a
light, loving touch that made Mattie wince.  "It turned me on too."

"I like boys, Ann," Mattie said quietly, her eyes full of tears.

"So do I.  But I like you too.  I like you a lot." Ann stood and put
her hands on Mattie's shoulders, then let then slide down to her
breasts.  With the music playing I could now take as many shots as I
liked with no fear off being heard.  I clicked off two almost
immediately.  I had nearly come unaided when Ann touched Mattie's
breasts; I definitely wanted this moment preserved in pictures.

Mattie's face was turned away, but she dropped the t-shirt and brought
her hands up to Ann's breasts and began to stroke them.  Ann pulled
her toward the bed, gently, and Mattie did not resist.

Women make love slowly.  I'd never seen it before, and I was
fascinated by the smoothness, the grace with which the breasts, the 
legs, the necks, the arms, the tummies slide and intermingle.  They 
spent the longest time just kissing, just licking nipples and stroking 
thighs.  I was struck by how different these two girls were; both 
beautiful, but in totally different ways.  Ann was like a fashion 
model: long limbed, slim, with high cheek bones and graceful hands.  
Mattie was like a centerfold: large, full breasts, hourglass figure, 
soft, full lips, and a perpetually sexy look.  After what seemed like 
an hour, Mattie was completely enraptured by Ann and I think Ann was 
fulfilling a fanstasy all her own.  Ann finally lowered her head to 
Mattie's pussy, parting her legs ahead of time to give me a good look at 
her pretty cunt, and for a moment Mattie seemed about to stop everything.  
She put a hand on Ann's shoulder.

"No...  No, you don't have to do that." Mattie smiled and brushed some
stray hairs, and perhaps a few tears, from her eyes.  "This has made
me so happy, Ann, really, but I can't ask you to...  to..."

"To thuck your widow puthy?"  Ann said, in babytalk.

They both giggled like little girls.

"God, Ann, you don't pull any punches," Mattie said, blushing.

"Why should I?  We're loving each other, and you want me to suck it,
and I want to suck it.  So why not?"

"You mean it?  You really want to?"  Mattie's face looked hopeful and
incredulous.

Ann answered by lowering her face to Mattie's snatch.  I could not see
what Ann was doing, since the back of her head was to me, but from the
look of ecstasy on Mattie's face as she writhed and moaned it must
have been the right stuff.  Again, Ann took her time, her head describing
slow, sensous circles.  Then, suddenly, she picked up the pace sharply,
and began to literally fuck Mattie's pussy with her face.  Her hands
were also doing something in there, I assumed she was fingering her,
and Mattie's breasts began to heave mightily as her orgasm approached.
Ann usually flushed red in her chest and face when she was close to
coming, but Mattie did the just opposite, her face becoming slightly
paler just before she began to come.

And come she did.  We were fortunate there was no one in the house.
Mattie really wailed.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, Annie, Annie, oh, sweet...... Doooooooooooooo it!
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!   Oh!  Oh!  Oh!"  Mattie cried, her back arching,
thrusting her big tits into the air.  She had grabbed onto Ann's hair
and was grinding her face into her pussy.  Then she subsided, and
quickly pulled Ann up into a tight hug, Mattie sobbing tears of
complete joy.

"Oh, Ann.  Sis, that was incredible.  Oh, thank you, thank you..."

Sis? Interesting.  I'd been clicking off shots all along, of course. 
I checked my camera.  I was out of film.

