                Three Friends
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
        The three were good friends, as good as friends could be. Jane and
Rita had met in the sixth grade. Ben, he had always seemed to be there,
like a brother or a cousin. He lived in a house up on the hill, the two
girls lived at the foot. They could party together, talk together, or just
be together.
        Jane wasn't beautiful, but she had a way with men. Her long, light
brown hair and ready smile attracted men. She went through boyfriends like
most people went through twinkies. It was uncommon for her to show up
anywhere with the same guy twice. Every man seemed to have a crush on her,
or have had one at one time. Rita was different; she had one boyfriend for
the past year, Chas. Chas was a football player who had originally been
going out with Jane. He was tall, dark haired and dark eyed. He instantly
entranced Rita with his charm and masculinity. Jane and Ben were afraid;
they knew Chas's reputation and were afraid that Rita might get hurt.
        One weekend, Ben's parents had left for a week to go to Hawaii. Ben
was sitting around the house, waiting for one of his friends to call him
for a party. He was careful not to let anyone know his parents were
gone--parties were fine, but he didn't want to clean up afterwards. His
thoughts turned to his girlfriend, Tracy. She had dumped him when she
moved. Ben tried to take it philosophically, but his heart wouldn't let
him. He wished that his emotions were more like Jane's. The phone rang.
        "Hi?" he answered.
        "Ben? Are your parents gone?" It was a measure of how close Ben was
to Jane to let her know this.
        "Yeah... Why? You sound upset."
        "We need to use your house."
        "We?"
        "Yeah. Chas just dumped Rita."
        "Come on over." Ben knew what this meant. Rita was so in love with
Chas that she would probably be suicidal with grief. Rita's parents would
be unsympathetic. A typical comment form them would be "that's what you get
for dating a jock". Jane's parents were probably throwing another party.
They were great at partying. Unfortunately, they were not very quiet
parties. Ben's house was the only place were they could console Rita.

        Jane met Rita at the door. Her fair skin was red from crying. When
she entered the rainy night, the tears were lost. Jane tossed a portion of
her yellow parka over Rita's red hair. Rita just grabbed Jane around the
shoulder. They climbed the hill to the Mansion-the house were Ben lived.
        The steps that ran along the driveway were narrow and difficult to
negotiate in the sunlight, much less on a rainy night. Lightning brightened
the scene for a moment, then thunder lashed the couple. They hurried  until
they reached the gate.
        "He dumped me for Trisha. She has bigger tits." said Rita.
"It'll be all right..."
        Jane punched in the code and the gates opened, revealing the final
climb to the Hofsteader Mansion. It was a large, Victorian type structure
that had been added on to each successive generation of Hofsteader. Many of
the architectural styles clashed with each other. Ben's uncle Jerome had
taken a fancy to flying buttresses, and had constructed a large stone hall
on the east wing. Ben's father preferred a more modern style- a large
obelisk shaped tower stood opposite the stone hall. Ben's father and Jerome
had always been at odds with each other. They were twins. As the two looked
up to the house, each got a different impression. Jane saw the lightning
glare off of the black glass of the obelisk, while Rita saw only the
brooding hall.
        They reached the entrance hall, a towering stone construction that
guarded twin doors. As they broke the beam on the door trigger, the left
opened slightly, showing itself to be unlocked. Jane hugged Rita, and they
entered.
        "Your soaked! Good thing I started a fire" Ben was being
artificially cheerful. Jane gave him a look as he led them into the front
room. Ben nodded and pulled out two large comforters. He tossed them in
front of the fireplace. Jane and Rita ducked underneath.
        "Why? Why did he want Trisha? She's such a bitch." Rita and Trisha
had almost come to blows numerous times. Mainly, it was Trisha's pompous
attitude towards anyone who she could be pompous towards. Trisha was one of
those rich type of girls without much else. She had looks, but not
personality.
        "She'd be hard pressed to rub two brain cells together," mentioned
Ben.
        "Ben..." said Jane. She leaned over and whispered something into
his ear. Ben went out of the room.
        "I understand...." Rita was shivering from the cold rain. Jane
hugged her closer. Rita slowly cried in Jane's arms, her fiery red hair
mingling with Jane's brown. They sat there for a few moments, Rita just
crying and Jane rocking her gently as she dried out.
        Ben returned with three mugs. "An old family secret. Warms the
heart, soothes the soul and clears the sinuses." Ben sat down next the
girls on the dark blue comforter and handed them their drinks.
        "What is it?" asked Jane quietly.
        "Just some hot chocolate." Jane took a swallow and nearly
sputtered.
        "With bourbon." Jane winked at Ben. Rita drank some out of her mug.
Ben put an arm around her and hugged her tight.
        "It's just because she shows off her butt and tits. I can't believe
that he did that. I loved him. I would have done anything he asked me. But
he never asked me."
        Jane got up and motioned towards the bathroom. She had drank all of
her cocoa and was obviously discomfited. Ben picked small Rita up and set
her in his lap. He stroked her hair and told her it would be all right.
Jane came back in. She reached to turn of the bathroom light and hit the
wrong switch. A screen slid out of the ceiling and a projector started to
whir.
        "Ooopps..." said Jane.
        "Don't worry, you didn't break anything. Just hit the..." The movie
started up. His parent had evidently left in a porno flick. A very well
built blond woman was slowly fucking herself with a dildo. Jane hit five or
six of the wrong switched before she shut it off. Enough time for Rita to
look up and see.
        "Is... is that kind of woman attractive?" she asked.
        "Well... kinda." replied Ben.
        Jane gave him a dirty look.
        "Sometimes, Chas would kiss me. And we would get into the back seat
of his car. And he would touch my chest, and my nipples."
        Jane came down and hugged Rita again. Ben was a little mortified,
but he held her tight.
        "I would feel, well, strange. Y'know, all fuzzy. And I'd feel
hungry for something, something Chas wouldn't give me."
        "Didn't you, well.... um.... " Jane was blushing slightly. Ben was
blushing heavily.
        "Didn't I what? What was I supposed to do when he kissed me and
left me at the door?"
        "Well, um.... didn't you play with yourself?"
        "Huh?"
        "Y'know....ummm, touch you pussy with your hand."
        "No."
        The alcohol had begun to take its affect on Rita. She could never
hold her liquor. It had seemed to lower Jane's inhibitions also.
"Didn't you want to?" said Jane.
        "I didn't know how. Have you?"
        "Well, yes. Sometimes, when a boy was afraid or I was just lonely.
Most when I was lonely. I get very lonely, even when boys call me and go
out. They just leave me alone afterwards. I get all excited after kissing
them, and then they leave. And even when they don't, it usually only takes
them a few minutes to finish. And I still feel lonely." She spoke slowly,
almost dreamily.
        "Can you show me?"
        Jane's eyes widened slightly at the suggestion. She looked at Ben,
maybe for reassurance. Ben nodded.
        Jane raised her skirt. She had on some lacy panties, with very
light pink borders.
        "First, you have to make sure you get excited. It doesn't work
unless you can feel it," said Jane. She began to unbutton her blouse,
revealing a racer-back bra. She began to stroke just the outside edged of
the bra. Then she tucked her legs under herself. She began to tease her
nipples through the fabric of the bra. Ben pulled Rita's shirt over her
head and mirrored Jane's motions on Rita. His large hands circled the cups
of her bra.
        Jane gently squeezed the nipples between her fingers. Her face was
intent in its gaze on her breasts. She was involved deeply, but not enough
to forget herself.
        "The nipples are the first step. Don't just jump over them." She
began to open the front of her bra. Ben fumbled with the clasp in the back
of Rita's bra. Jane leant closer and helped him unfastened it. Rita removed
it and began to caress her own small breasts. The large nipples stood out
from excitement. Ben gazed with awe at them. They seemed to him to be
perfect. His hands covered hers, simulating the motions she was making.
Jane took one of her tits and lifted it to her mouth. Her tongue darted out
and touched just the tip. She then leant over and kissed one of Rita's
breast. She rubbed the nipple of her own breast with her left hand, and
Rita's with her right. Then she leaned back.
        Her breast were full and warm. The tan line of her bikini cut
across their tops. She traced this line with her finger, and the began to
stroke her erect nipple. Rita took one of her Jane's breasts in her hand
and squeezed gently.
        "They're so much bigger than mine."
        "That doesn't matter. Just make sure that you use them."
        Rita leaned forward and kissed Jane's breast lightly on the nipple.
Jane quivered slightly, just noticeable to Ben.
        Jane's hands slowly stroked her whole body, an gentle pattern of
loneliness and unquenched passion. She put her hand on top of her skirt and
slowly began to knead the material. Ben's hands were still massaging Rita's
tense nipples. Ben's head was covered with the Rita's red hair.  Rita moved
her hand to her crotch. Rita's gaze was fastened on Jane.
        Jane's other hand began to caress her inner thigh, stroking the tan
muscle and skin. Her long skirt began to impede this. She unbuttoned the back
quickly and removed it. She was already beginning to sweat in the warmth of
the fire. Rita unbuttoned the fly on her jeans and pulled them off. She was
wearing sheer, silky black panties. They were sticking to her damp cunt.
        "I bought them for Chas. He never saw them..." The insides of
Rita's thighs were white. A few stray, very red pubic hairs peeked out from
beneath the black silk. Her erect clit pushed against the fabric.
        Jane rolled on her side and slowly stroked her round butt. Bens
hand reached out and patted the curve of her bottom. His other hand gently
cupped Rita's backside. Jane lay on her back and began to open her legs to
Rita. Rita's legs duplicated Jane's actions. Jane began to stroke herself
through the fabric of her now damp panties. Rita's panties were wet through
with her own excited juices.
        "When you can't stand it anymore..." Jane slipped her thumbs
beneath the waistband of her panties and pulled them down to he ankles. The
slipped around her foot. Ben removed the black panties slowly from Rita.
Rita's eyes were fixed on Jane's cunt. It was dark with pubic hair, but
spread open. The normal pinkness had been turned to red by her passion. Her
clit popped out from her body like her nipples.
        "Look deep. You can see that this is what your like. All women are
alike physically." Jane slid a finger into her cunt, and then licked it. It
tasted of the sweetness of passion, but also of the bitterness of want.
Rita spread her legs and exposed her inner self to Jane. She slowly tasted
herself also.  Ben, too, inserted a finger. He quickly withdrew it,
however. This seemed to be a ritual among women, and women only.
        Jane stroked the swollen lips of her cunt slowly, from bottom to
top. She was slowly spreading her legs wider, and more and more of her was
becoming visible. The wet inner flesh glistened in the firelight. Rita
began to copy her, but then inserted three fingers into her wet cunt.
Jane's juices wet her finger. Her left hand came down to manipulate Rita's
clit. Rita's hands moved quickly over her inflamed cunt. She used her whole
hand to stroke herself with. Jane's hand moved furiously over her wet,
excited clit. Ben could smell their womanly scent fill the room. The juices
inside of the both of them began to flow more quickly. Jane climbed up into
Rita's lap. Both of their hands moved intensely at their crotches. Rita
began to moan gently. Her body became tense and hard against Ben. Ben's
hand grabbed  her nipple and gave it a twisting motion. Rita began to
tremble gently, and her heavy breathing became erratic. The only sound was
her moans and the slipping noise of her flesh against her flesh. Her
dampness dripped onto Ben's jeans. Jane used both hands on Rita's cunt.
Rita came in an explosion that made her head spin with pleasure and warmth.
        "Ben, I can feel your hard dick against my ass." she said.
        "Ben... let me touch your cock," said Jane. Jane reached underneath
Rita and touched Ben. He rolled out from under Rita, who had paused
momentarily. Jane unzipped the fly of Ben's jeans. Ben's cock popped out,
hard and already glistening. Rita began to stroke Jane's pussy when she
bent over to touch the cock. Jane began to move with Rita's rhythm, slowing
building to the climax she knew was to come. Jane was fascinated by the
cock in her face. She leaned forward to kiss it on the glans. She tasted
the sweet flavor of Ben. She moved forward, past his inflamed penis and
kissed his nipples. As Rita's mouth replaced her hand on Jane's cunt, Jane
gasped in pleasure and surprise. Ben's hard dick pushed against her belly.
        Jane moved up and kissed Ben on the lips, hard and deep. Their
tongues touched each other. Then Rita began to stroke Ben's cock slowly
with her still-damp fingers. Jane moved her warm, damp slit up to Ben's
face. His tongue gently reached out and licked her inner thigh. She
quivered against him. Rita gasped as she inserted Ben's cock into herself.
She began to pump rhythmically with her hips while grabbing Jane's round
ass. Ben reached up and turned Jane towards Rita. He then began in earnest,
his warm tongue sliding in and out of Jane's cunt. Jane began to kiss Rita
hard. Rita felt Jane's hard nipples against her own. She began to stroke
both of them at the same time.
        All three of their motions mounted. Rita began to pump her hips
quickly, moving her cunt so the Jane could feel the inside. Jane's fingers
slid across her erect clit. Ben's hands held Rita's ass tightly, caressing
the pleasant softness. Bens tongue felt soft and warm in Jane's cunt. Her
cunt began to contract and expand. Ben kissed her on her lower lips and
began to suck while Rita kissed her nipple hard. They all three clenched
each other and came in furious orgy of kissing, stroking, moaning and
touching. They collapsed that way, arm in arm, with Ben still inside of
Rita and Rita still hugging Jane.


