                       WOMEN LOVING WOMEN

     I am a young, very successful professional woman, 5'3", 105 
lbs., natural blonde and, I'm told, considered quite attractive. 
I have a nice figure, which I work very hard to maintain and all-
in-all, I consider myself very fortunate. Except when it comes to 
men. With the exception of two married men with whom I've had 
incredibly passionate affairs before we went our separate ways, 
my love life and, consequently, my sex life, has been one bad 
experience after another. Until now. 

    I had had my fill of men, both literally and figuratively, 
so, about a year ago, I made a conscious decision to become 
celibate. I still dated, frequently, but I no longer jumped into 
bed with my dates as quickly as I did before. I felt I wanted the 
men in my life to be friends first, then, if a true, loving 
friendship developed, sex would follow naturally. I'm still 
waiting. 

     Celibacy, by definition, has one inherent drawback: no sex, 
no relief. Consequently, I became an incessant mastabateur. I 
found myself buying (through anonymous mail order catalogs) a 
variety of dildoes and vibrators which I began to use religiously. 
But as much sexual relief as these marvelous devices provided, 
I still craved the warmth and comfort of a gentle, caring body 
next to mine. 

     About six months ago, after a particularly horrendous 
episode with an over-amorous date who tried to rape me, all of my 
anger and frustrations suddenly boiled over and I found myself 
crying uncontrollably in, of all places, the laundry room of my 
apartment building. One of my neighbors, a striking Japanese 
woman whom I had seen often but never really knew, found me and 
took me back to her apartment which she shared with another woman 
I had also often seen. After about half an hour, I finally calmed 
down and, embarrassed, I apologized to these two wonderfully 
caring and thoughtful women, Neiko and Linda, thanking 
them profusely for their genuine concern and comfort and I left 
to go back to my own apartment. 

     The following night, Neiko knocked on my door to inquire how 
I was feeling. She invited me back to her apartment for tea and 
conversation with Linda and her boyfriend, Mark, and I gladly 
accepted. It was a delightful evening with truly delightful 
people. I learned that both she and Linda were registered nurses 
in the famous research hospital not far from our building and 
Linda's boyfriend, Mark, a tall, extraordinarily handsome man, 
was a resident in the same hospital. Mark had to leave early, 
but Neiko, Linda and I talked long into the night about anything 
and everything. From there, our friendship blossomed. And it was 
wonderful. Occasionally, Mark would join us for a pizza and I 
could easily appreciate Linda's attraction to this man. But 
something else was going on; something I never would have 
suspected or expected.  

     We had joined a woman's health club together and after one 
particularly grueling workout we all longed for the warmth and 
relaxation of the sauna. The three of us marched into the sauna 
wrapped in our towels, but once inside the incredibly hot room, 
Neiko and Linda unselfconsciously shed their towels and stretched 
out, completely nude, on the long wooden benches. Being 
ridiculously modest, I kept my towel on, but my eyes were 
continually drawn to their exquisitely naked bodies. Stranger 
still, I slowly realized that I was not only fascinated both by 
their beauty and their warm, casual manners, but I was actually 
being attracted to them. Sexually attracted.   

     Neiko was petite and slender and practically flat-chested. 
Her tiny mounds were really no more than just puffy red areolas 
with exceedingly large nipples. She had the tiniest waist which 
flared out into wonderfully rounded hips and a flat, well 
defined stomach which sloped smoothly and gently to the extremely 
sparse, straight black baby-fine pubic hair that framed her pussy. 
Linda, on the other hand, was a tall, Nordic, athletic woman who,
although not nearly as delicate as Neiko, had a perfectly shaped
figure with extremely large yet firm breasts, crowned, like 
Neiko's, with very large nipples. As we talked, I'm sure they 
caught me staring, but neither Neiko nor Linda, to their credit, 
indicated that to me. So as casually and as nonchalantly as I 
could, I let my eyes sweep over their glistening nakedness, 
getting increasingly more aroused and excited every minute.  

     As the weeks went on, I continued to date, with the usual, 
predictable, negative results. I continued to be celibate 
and I continued to masturbate, but with increased frequency and 
intensity. But the strange thing that was happening was that the 
objects of my mastubatory fantasies were Neiko and Linda; 
individually and together as I had seen them in the sauna. My 
fantasies were, I'm sure, uniquely naive. As a girl in college I
had experienced some "flirtations" with several other girls which
culminated in an occasional bump and tickle incident, but I had
never experienced a truly fulfilling lesbian affair. So my 
fantasies involving Neiko and Linda were extraordinarily arousing. 

     About a week after the sauna incident, I was returning a 
suitcase I had borrowed from Neiko. After knocking on the door 
and getting no answer, I let myself into their apartment with the 
keys we had exchanged. I stopped at the door and called their 
names. Still getting no response, I put the suitcase down and was 
about to leave when I heard music coming from Neiko's bedroom. I 
thought she had left the stereo on so I naturally went back to 
the bedroom to turn it off. The moment I entered the bedroom, I 
saw Neiko and Linda, nearly nude, on the bed, making love. To say 
I was shocked would be a gross understatement. I was amazed. 
Flabbergasted. Speechless. Yet instantly and incredibly aroused. 
My first instinct was to leave as quietly as I could; but I was 
transfixed. I couldn't tear myself away from the sight of my two 
beautiful friends lovingly entwined in each other's arms. 

     Linda was lying on her back while Neiko, wearing a black 
garterbelt and black stockings, was lying on top, between Linda's 
legs which were wrapped around her thighs. Linda's arms encircled 
Neiko's back, hugging her tightly as Neiko's hands lovingly 
caressed Linda's face. And they were kissing passionately, 
moaning softly, delighting in each other's lips. 

     I have no idea how long I stood there watching, it was 
probably only seconds, but, sensing my presence, they suddenly 
stopped kissing and both looked in my direction. I was so 
embarrassed I could have died right then and there. I stammered 
an apology or something, I don't remember what, and they smiled 
at me. Linda said something like "now you know" and Neiko added 
something like "I hope you don't mind." I just shook my head. I 
was so torn; I desperately wanted to leave, to collect my 
thoughts, but I couldn't. And then Neiko said, very softly, 
"please, Amelia, why don't you join us." 

     I couldn't answer. My heart was racing, my mouth was 
absolutely dry and I could feel my whole body shaking. Sensing my 
conflict, my overwhelming apprehension and desire, Linda and 
Neiko got off the bed and moved across the room to me. I can 
vividly recall how gracefully Neiko moved and how sensuously 
Linda's large breasts swayed as they approached. Their 
bodies glistened with a patina of perspiration and I quickly 
noticed how stiff and erect their nipples were. I also noticed 
that unlike in the sauna, Neiko's pussy was now shaved clean and 
smooth.      
     
     Linda and Neiko both took my hands in theirs and held them 
gently as we spoke. Linda told me that she and Neiko often talked 
about how beautiful and sexy they thought I was and they wondered 
if I was bisexual. I told them about my few fumbling experiences, 
but that I really didn't consider myself bisexual. Then, smiling 
warmly, Linda took my hand she holding and brought it to her 
breast, pressing my hand against her warm, damp flesh and said, 
in a whisper, that there was nothing frightening about touching 
another woman's body, it was the most natural and beautiful thing 
in the world. Then, still guiding my hand, she slowly moved it 
around her breast, underneath it to feel its weight and firmness, 
then up to her swollen nipple to feel its firm, spongy 
resilience. "It feels so nice, so warm, so smooth, doesn't it," 
she whispered? And it did, it really did. 

     I had a catch in my throat and couldn't answer; closing my 
eyes, I barely shook my head in response. I was so suddenly 
excited and aroused, my legs became weak and rubbery. I could 
feel my own nipples growing and hardening beneath my clothes just 
as I could feel a familiar wetness seeping out between my legs 
and soaking my panties. Linda removed her hands from mine and 
raised them to my face, but my fingers remained on her breast, 
nervously stroking her long, rigid nipple. And then, while Neiko 
gently squeezed my hand, Linda slowly leaned in and kissed me. 

     The touch of her mouth on mine was absolutely electrifying. 
Linda's lips were so incredibly soft, her breath so sweet and 
her touch so tender, it was so different, so unlike any man's 
kiss. And I wanted more. I pressed my own mouth firmly against 
hers, kissing her back, tentatively at first and then more 
passionately. I could feel her lips part slightly and then felt 
the tip of her wet tongue slowly wash over my lips. Following her 
lead, I opened my mouth slightly and allowed her tongue to enter, 
gingerly touching it with my own tongue, absorbing her warmth and 
wetness. After a second or two, Linda pulled away and smiled. "We 
want to make love to you," she whispered and I nodded; I knew, at 
that precise moment, I was irrevocably committed. 

     Still holding my hand, Neiko led me to the bed, turned me 
around and the two of them began undressing me. While Linda 
pulled my tank-top over my head, Neiko deftly unbuttoned my jeans, 
pulled them over my hips and slid them down my legs. On her 
hands and knees in front of me, she slipped off my shoes and 
helped me out of my jeans. I stood between them, stripped down to 
my bra and soaked panties, discarding my modesty as quickly as my 
clothes. In a daze, I freely allowed Linda to unclasp the front 
closure of my bra and peel the lace away from my breasts. My 
nipples, although not anywhere near as large as Linda's or 
Neiko's, were rock hard, jutting out from my swollen areolas like 
two ripe cherries. Still on her knees in front of me, Neiko 
reached up and slowly eased my panties down my legs. I willingly 
stepped out of them and stood there, completely and unashamedly 
naked as their eyes drifted all over my body. 

     They eased me down on the bed, fluffing a pillow under my 
head and then laid down on either side of me, pressing their 
bodies against mine. Their warmth and their softness and their 
tenderness were magnificent. My excitement was so intense, it is 
difficult even now for me to recall exactly what transpired. I 
felt as if I was consumed by a fog of pure, exquisite pleasure 
unlike any I had ever experienced. I know we kissed. Long and 
deep and passionately; first Linda, then Neiko and then the 
three of us together, painting each other's mouths and lips and 
tongues with hot, sweet saliva. And as we kissed, their delicate, 
practiced hands moved sensually over my body, exciting every 
nerve fiber their fingers trailed over, from my thighs to my neck 
and face and then slowly down to my thighs again. 

     They had eased my thighs apart and each wrapped their legs 
around mine, pressing and rubbing their wet pussies against my 
flesh as we continued to kiss. Their hands found my breasts and 
squeezed and stroked and fondled and massaged them in unison. I 
could barely breathe and talking was absolutely impossible. My 
cunt was inflamed and throbbing deep within my womb, and I could 
feel my juices flowing like a slow lava stream down my thighs. 
I have no idea how long we continued like that, but all too 
soon, I felt, they pulled their lips from mine. Hungrily, I tried 
to reclaim their mouths, but Linda smiled, whispering words of 
comfort, and helped me up, shifting our bodies. Linda moved to 
the edge of the bed and sat up, cradling my head and upper body 
in her arms above her lap. My cheek pressed against her soft, 
smooth belly while her enormous breasts swayed above my face. 
This was going beyo