Archive-name: Bondage/bet6.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Bet, The - Part 6


        She wondered how late it was.  It must be several hours 
now.  She was surprised at how intense her last set of orgasms 
had been.  The last one had started so slowly and had been so 
strong at the end.  
        She felt something small resting on her stomach.  A 
moment late she felt a second object resting near it.  As 
before, she couldn't place it from the limited contact.
        Something touched her side.  This was still fairly 
soft, but compared to the fur it felt very stiff.  This firmer, 
stiffer touch went up her side.  If she listened very intently 
she could hear it make contact with her side each time it was 
moved forward.  It went up her left side, making a short detour 
up the line of her ribs and then continuing back up her side.
        The warmth in her loins hadn't quite extinguished 
itself after his last episode.  It began coming back to a boil 
almost immediately.  How long had she been here?  Her vagina 
ached for him, not his finger, not his tongue (and where had 
that been, she pouted) but his cock, hard and strong thrusting 
into her.  The feeling slowly became an ache.  It had been 
there all the time.  She was only now becoming really aware of 
it.
        He was now scratching <?>, brushing <?>, rubbing <?> 
the side of her breast.  He was going around it in circles, not 
ever touching her nipples.  What was that he was using?
---------------------------------------------------------------

        He took the pastry brush again to her breast.  The skin 
reacted to the soft filaments passing over it.  He watch 
the goose flesh appear as he passed over.  When he had the the 
left nipple completely hard he moved on to the right one.  He 
began at her ribs, slowly moved in circles up the crest of her 
right breast, and with not the least bit of hurry approached 
her nipple.  He looked on, watching her nipple harden.  
        He shifted on the bed.  Again his shorts were binding 
his member.  With his free hand he made an adjustment.  The Ice 
on the back of his neck was calming him down after each 
installment, but it's effect was lasting a shorter period with 
each application.  He wondered how long he would be able to 
keep his cock in his shorts and out of her.  When she had begun 
moaning last time he had nearly forgotten about their bet.  
        He was beginning to wonder which of them would give in 
first.  He shifted again, trying to find a position where his 
shorts didn't bind.  He looked at her body, totally helpless 
before him and knew if he were to enter her he'd wake up 
tomorrow without a hair below his navel.  
--------------------------------------------------------------

        She felt the fire in her loins grow.   There was a 
second fire in her chest, beneath her breasts.  She couldn't 
imagine being as cool as he was being if she were doing this 
sort of thing to him.  She was amazed at his self control.
        And what was he using on her breast?
        
        One of the objects on her stomach fell to the side of 
the bed.    

--
