
Chip was waiting in the hotel lobby right on time.  Since he had
been scheduled to work today for the early early lunch shift, he
was off at six.  That was OK with me, since it had been a late
one the night before.  Much as I had enjoyed balling all night
with this great looking stud, I was a little tired today.  Not
as young as I used to be, I guess.  Nonetheless, the offer to
meet his friend in Georgetown sounded too good to miss - tired
or not.  The friend, according to CHIP, was "in to leather", and
had his own playroom in his house.  Although I consider myself
to be fairly experienced, I had never gotten much into the
leather scene.  Most of the leather types I had met in the past
had been nothing more than bank clerks dressed up in leather
jackets and playacting.  A definite turn-off as far as I was
concerned.  When Chip had described his friend to me the night
before, this one sounded different, so I was looking forward to
meeting the guy and - if things worked out - seeing what he had
to offer.

      We got a taxi easily at the hotel, and headed for
Georgetown.  Along the way, since neither of us had eaten
dinner, we stopped for two pizzas to take with us.  We drove
along what appeared to be a major parkway for a while, and then
Chip had to give the driver directions through Georgetown to his
friend's house.  The house turned out to be a small, very
ordinary looking semidetached house along a very ordinary
looking street.  I was a little disappointed.  I do not know
what I had expected, but this didn't look like it.  We paid the
driver, the cab left, and we walked up the walk to the front
door and rang the bell.

      Unlike the house itself, the guy who answered the door WAS
everything I had expected - and more.  He was about 6'2", a
little taller than me, and had the broadest shoulders I had ever
seen.  Standing in the doorway of this little house made him
look even bigger than he was.  He had short jet black hair and a
thin inch wide beard running along the edge of his jaw.  The
beard and his rugged facial features made him look particularly
formidable.  He was wearing a loose sweat shirt and tight, faded
jeans which outlined a nice looking piece of meat to the left of
his crotch.  It seemed to extend half way to his knees.  We
shook hands and he took our coats and threw them over a chair in
the living room.  His name was Mark.

      As we walked through the living and dining rooms toward
the kitchen in the back of the house, I was able to check Mark
out a bit.  His neck was thick and muscular.  His strong looking
back tapered from his wide shoulders down a tight, narrow waist
and a pair of great looking tight buns which tensed and relaxed
as he walked.  His thighs looked well developed and stretched at
the thin material of his jeans so that it looked like they were
about to split.  His feet were bare.  He moved with the firm
grace of a seasoned athlete.

      The kitchen was as ordinary looking as the rest of the
house.  There was a small table against one wall, with three
chairs, and the usual stove, fridge, etc.  Mark motioned me to
the middle chair and got a couple of beers out of the fridge.
We talked for a while about nothing in particular as we drank
the beer and ate the pizza.  As Mark moved about I got a good
image of his well developed body under the sweat shirt and
jeans.  Mark made sure as he sat to my side with his legs
spread, that I got a good view of his basket.  Chip seemed
unusually quiet as we ate and talked, although I was much too
interested in Mark to really notice.

      After about an hour, three more beers and all of the
Pizza, Mark looked at me and said, "I hear you and Chip had a
ball last night, George."  "Yes, Sir, we sure did," Chip
answered before I could even open my mouth.  Mark continued,
"Chip here says that you are pretty well equipped and that you
know how to use what you've got."  "Yes, Sir," Chip repeated
promptly.  It was only then that I noticed that Chip had started
to address Mark as "Sir", and I began to understand the
relationship between them, and why he had been so quiet.  Mark
put his hand on my knee, squeezed it a bit, and said, "Want to
check out my playroom with us?"  I said that that sounded OK to
me.  Mark got up from the table, tossed the empty pizza boxes in
the trash and said, "OK, let's go."

      We followed Mark upstairs to second floor.  There were two
rooms separated by a bathroom.  The door of the back room was
open.  I saw a weight bench in the middle of the room, a couple
of barbells on the floor, and a couple of tee shirts  and some
other clothing scattered about.  I thought to myself that this
did not look like much of a playroom.  The front room was Marks
bedroom.  There was a mattress and spring on the floor as a bed,
a dresser with the usual junk on it, and two closets.  On the
wall were a couple of posters of well built, nude men.  I
recognized one of them as Jack Wrangler wearing a cowboy hat and
displaying his ample dick.  Mark said that we could change here,
and stripped off his sweat shirt.  His chest was even better
than I had expected.  His pecs were firm and well developed, and
his rounded deltoids made his shoulders look even broader than
they had with his shirt on.  Some soft black hair set off the
upper portion of his chest, and trailed down to a thin line of
hair that disappeared into his jeans at the waist.  As we took
our clothes off, Mark turned to Chip and said, "Did you clean
your ass, boy?"  Chip meekly replied, "No, Sir."  "You know
where the ass cleaner is, boy.  Go do it," Mark barked.  Then he
turned to me and said, "George, why don't you go see that he
does it right."  Not knowing what he meant, I followed Chip down
the hall to the bathroom.

      In the bathroom there was a glass enclosed tub with a
European style shower on a flexible hose mounted on the wall.
Chip stepped into the shower and turned on the water.  He said
to me that "Mark likes real clean asses" and suggested that I
get in the shower with him.  Having enjoyed a shower with Chip
just the night before, I welcomed the opportunity to do it
again.  We soaped each other all over, paying particular
attention to each other's asses.  Then Chip took the shower head
off of its hook on the wall, unscrewed the shower head and
handed the streaming hose to me.  "Here, wash my ass for me will
you," he said, and turned his back to me, leaned over, spread
his ass cheeks with his hands exposing his lovely asshole to
full view.  I took the hose and started to direct the stream of
warm water toward that lovely little rosebud I had enjoyed so
much the night before.  It started to spasm a bit as the warm
water hit it.  Chip then reached around, grabbed my arm at the
wrist and forced the tip of the hose right into his ass for an
inch or so.  After the warm water had filled his ass for a few
minutes, he drew the hose out and a gush of water mixed with a
little bit of shit followed.  He said, "Do it again, George."  I
did.  At Chip's request, I repeated the process three or four
times.  Each time Chip took a little more of the warm water than
the time before.  All the while his nine inch cock was slowly
getting harder and harder.  He was obviously enjoying the ass
cleaning enormously.  When he was finished, Chip turned around
and washed my ass a few times, too.  Although I did not take
nearly as much water as he had, I must say I enjoyed it, too.

      When we gat back to the bedroom, both of us with
stiffening cocks from the ass play, Mark had dressed for the
occasion, and things seemed to be getting more interesting.  He
was dressed in a black leather harness, boots, black gloves and
a crushed leather hat.  His semirigid cock and balls were
circled by a thick metal cock ring attached to a leather strap.
This was attached to a second ring in the center of his chest,
to which a number of other straps were attached which circled
his chest and ran over his shoulders.  The whole thing seemed to
buckle tightly around the waist.  It looked incredibly sexy on
Mark's muscular body. Mark picked up a thick metal studded
collar from the bed and put it around Chip's neck.  He buckled
the collar behind Chip's neck and attached a piece of chain to
the collar.  He then put a pair of thick leather handcuffs
around Chip's wrists and clipped them together behind Chip's
back.  Chip reacted to Mark's efforts with a big smile and a
kiss on the neck.  Then Mark stepped behind Chip and put a soft
leather hood over his head, which covered his eyes, but left his
nose and mouth exposed.

      Mark turned to me and said' "I guess Chip is ready, but
how about you?"  He rummaged through the stuff on the closet
floor and came up with a metal studded belt, which I put on, and
a pair of cuffs like Chip's which I put on my wrists.  As I was
buckling the cuffs, Mark took a studded leather cock ring off of
the bed, slipped it under my balls and snapped the snap tightly
around my cock and balls.  He stroked my hardening dick a few
times and said, "OK, let's go."  Mark took the chain attached to
Chip's collar and lead him down the hall, down the stairs and to
a door in the kitchen which lead to the basement.  I followed,
getting hornier by the second, and wondering what was going to
come next.

      The basement was ordinary looking at first glance -
furnace and water heater in one corner, a few boxes of junk,
etc.  One of the lights was replaced by a red bulb, which gave
the basement a warn, sexy glow.  On a table at the side of the
basement was an assortment of chains, a small leather whip, a
couple of dildoes, a large bottle of baby oil, an open jar of
"Elbow Grease" and a number of other objects I could not quite
identify at the moment.  A couple of short lengths of chain hung
from hooks on the ceiling beams.  Mark lead Chip the the center
of the room, released the hook that held his hands behind his
back and gently pushed him to  his knees.  His hands freed, Chip
immediately slid his hands up the back of Mark's legs to this
firm buns and pushed Mark's throbbing cock into his mouth.  Even
blinded by the hood, Chip seemed to know where it was and what
to do with it!  For a few minutes Chip sucked up and down on the
rigid meat, now and then pushing hard on Mark's ass cheeks and
deep throating him. The sight of Mark getting this sort of
treatment really turned me on, and I started to stroke my own
hard cock.

      Abruptly, Mark pulled away from Chip's mouth, stepped
back, and told Chip to work on me for a while.  I did not resist
and planted my cock promptly in Chip's eager mouth.  As Chip
sucked up and down on my now throbbing cock, Mark took some of
the baby oil and started to rub it on my chest.  He kneaded my
tits a few times with his fingers as he rubbed the oil on my
chest, which sent shivers through my body.  Then he stepped
behind me, smeared some of the oil on my ass and started to
finger fuck my ass while Chip sucked.  After my ass began to
relax, he stood behind me and started to rub his hard cock
between my cheeks.  I was hoping he would plant it in me soon.

      Instead of fucking me as I had hoped he would, Mark then
made Chip stand up, took the hood off of his head and attached
his handcuffs to two chains hanging about three feet apart from
the ceiling beams.  Chip had a big smile on his face and was
obviously enjoying it.  Mark took some of the baby oil and
started to massage Chip's cock and balls.  This resulted in an
instant hardon on Chip's part, and a small moan of contentment.
I started to finger fuck Mark while he did this, which Mark did
not seem to mind, either.  Mark responded by starting to massage
my cock with his other hand while he worked on Chip with his
right hand.  Both of us were getting close to shooting our
loads.

      Mark picked up one of the dildoes from the table, greased
it up with the Elbow Grease and plunged it abruptly into Chip's
ass.  Chip gasped quietly and then, hanging loosely from the
cuffs on his wrists, immediately started to move his hips back
and forth on the dildo.  His cock was rigid and started to drip
with pre-cum.  "Please, Sir, I need to cum," he pleaded.  Mark
grabbed Chip's throbbing cock, squeezed hard, and said, "Not
yet, boy."  He released his handcuffs from the chain and told
Chip to lie on his back on the concrete floor.  Chip obeyed, and
raised his legs in the air, waiting to get fucked.  Mark said to
me, "OK, George, see what you can do to help Chip out."  I was
just as eager as Chip, and plunged my cock into his ass up to
the hilt.  As I started to pump in and out of Chip's ass, Mark
stepped behind me, rubbed a little of the Elbow Grease on his
dick, spread my legs with his feet and shoved his big cock into
my ass.  The force of Mark entering me was so great that it
drove my own cock deep into Chip with such force that he gasped
with pleasure.  I was in ecstasy!  Although I had been around a
bit, I had never been in the middle of a three way fuck before,
and I now knew what I had been missing.  I pumped away at Chip's
ass as Mark plowed mine.  It was wonderful.  Each time I pulled
out of Chip a little, Mark would plunge his big tool into me;
every time I pushed my cock into Chip's ass, Mark would withdraw
a bit.  I bounced madly back and forth between cock and ass
feeling like this was the first time I had ever had REAL sex.
In a moment, I could take no more of the thrilling sensations.
My balls tightened and I started to shoot my load of hot cum
into Chip's bowels.  This turned Chip on so that he started to
cum, too, and shot his load all over his chest and belly.  In
the meantime Mark just kept pumping away at my ass as if he were
pushing the cum out of me with his dick.  Faster and harder,
Mark pumped at my ass.  Several times he pulled all the way out,
only to plow his cock all the way back in a second later.  I
relaxed, and waited for Mark to get his rocks off.  A minute or
two later I could feel Mark's big cock begin to throb and spasm
as he filled me with his cum.  The sensation of Mark's cock
throbbing in my ass as he filled me with his cum felt so good to
me that I was hard again in a moment, and pumping away at Chip's
ass.  It did not take more than a minute or so before I was
cumming the second time.  There was not much cum left in me, but
the sensation of orgasm was just as intense as it had been the
first time.

      We rested in a heap on the floor for a few minutes, trying
to catch our breath.  Mark suggested that we all wash off, and
lead the way back upstairs to the bathroom.  We showered
together - a bit crowded in the small stall, but sexy as we
rubbed each other's bodies with the soap.  Mark had me "clean
his ass" as Chip and I had done earlier in the evening.  He
liked it, too. Then we went into Mark's bedroom and lay on the
bed for a while to relax.  Mark turned on the radio to a local
rock station.  The rhythm of the music seemed to revive us, and
in the next hour or so we had two more three-way fucks.  As the
guest, I was always given the position of honor in the middle.
I didn't mind a bit.  By midnight, all three of us were pretty
well done in.  Chip and I got dressed, had another beer with
Mark, called a cab and went home.  As we left, Mark insisted
that I keep the leather cock ring I had used "as a souvenir."  I
still have it.
 The sight of Mark getting this sort of
treatment really turned me on, and I started to stroke my own
hard cock.

      Abruptly, Mark pulled away from Chip's mouth, stepped
back, and told Chip to work on me for a while.  I did not resist
and planted my cock promptly in Chip's eager mouth.  As Chip
sucked up and down on my now throbbing cock, Mark took some of
the baby oil and started to rub it on my chest.  He kneaded my
tits a few times with his fingers as he rubbed the oil on my
chest, which sent shivers through my body.  Then he stepped
behind me, smeared some of the oil on my ass and started to
finger fuck my ass while Chip sucked.  After my ass began to
relax, he stood behind me and started to rub his hard cock
between my cheeks.  I wa