Archive-name: Bondage/bet4.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Bet, The - Part 4


        He knelt between her legs.  His hands ran back and forth 
in ever shrinking circles between the top of her pubic hair and 
the bottom of her slit.  A circle with his hands and he was 
travelling within her pubic hair all the time, only pausing 
briefly at the bottom of her slit to tantalize and tease her 
before moving on.
        Each hand mirrored the movements of the other.  They 
travelled up the sides of her sex, diverted into the forest of 
her hair and then back down until they met at the bottom of her 
slit.  Three, four, five more times he repeated the maneuver, 
each time the distance between his hands shortened.  
        On the next pass his fingers did not stray out into her 
hair.  Instead, they travelled up the inside of her slit, running 
along in her wetness, pausing at the top of her sex just over the 
clitoris, brushing it oh so briefly, and then decended back to 
the bottom of her slit only to begin again.
        She found herself moaning.  She wasn't sure how long she 
could stand this.  The sensation wasn't yet all that intense, but 
her state of arousal was.  Without any thought on her part, she 
found her hips moving, trying to increase the contact on her 
clitoris as his forefingers passed over it.
        She was wondering how long she could stand this when he 
broke off the pattern, one long finger sliding into her hole.  
The feeling of contact was so intense from this, as intense as 
she could ever remember it being, that she felt her orgasm begin 
almost at once.  
        Her fear was that he would remove his finger, stopping 
her orgasm.  She tried to thrust her hips at him, making a sound 
that was beyond a moan, nearly a snarl.   His finger was replaced 
with two, both not only meeting her thrusts, but rubbing her
g-spot at the same time.
        She felt that the whole center of her being was turning 
to water.  The orgasm began in her loins and radiated.  Each time 
she felt her orgasm begin to subside he increased the force of 
his thrusts.  It seemed to just go on and on.  She was running 
out of breath.  She felt the room swim around her.  Had she not 
been blindfolded, her eyes would have refused to focus.
        "And what's the first number?" she heard him say.
        She was only able to moan in reply.
        "I wonder how long you can keep coming?"  she heard him 
say.  "How much do you want to keep the first number secret?"
        His fingers concentrated even more on her clit.  She had 
begun to enter a transition phase where she wasn't so much 
coming as she was going into sensation overload.  When he would 
speak, she didn't always focus on the first few words.  As she 
tried to catch her breath, which was becoming more difficult, she 
found herself struggling against all of her bonds.
        It was nearly 9 minutes later when she told him the first 
number was 5.
 Part 4

        He allowed her to catch her breath for an interval.  He 
massaged her feet, relaxing her.  He moved up to her calves.  His 
strong fingers slowly forced her tense muscles to relax.  His 
hands went to just above her knees and repeated the process.
        Instead of continuing the process on the inside of her 
thighs, as she expected, he maneuvered his hands to the outsides 
of her thighs.  As he moved up her body, his hands slid under her 
thighs, finding tight muscles there as well.
        His hands were having the effect of compelling her to 
relax.  She was surprised at how tight her leg muscles had 
become.  After an interval of relaxing her, his movements began 
to have a second effect.  They began to stimulate her.  She still 
felt the relaxation creep over her, but the nearness of his 
hands, the off hand way he stroked whatever he wished, was having 
it's effect on her.  
        The way she was tied caused her knees to be constantly 
apart.  Her inability to remain still for any length of time was 
having another effect;  unless she was very careful, she could 
feel her sex opening.  
        From time to time she would lose contact with him.  The 
idea that he might be looking at her from any angle at all, 
possibly looking directly into her sex (and without her being 
able to know or do anything about it) was all at once, 
disconcerting, arousing, Kinky, and shameful.  When he resumed 
touching her, she always wondered what he had been up to, and he 
did this often enough to confuse her thoroughly.
        His hands continued their movement up the outside of her 
thighs, under her thighs, never touching her sex, but always 
being near to it.  When he moved up her body to rub the tension 
out of her bottom, he actually lifted her body off of the bed an 
inch or two.  Again she was surprised at how tight her muscles 
were.  
        His hands were most thorough.  He rubbed every inch of 
her bottom.  When her muscles began to relax, he expanded the 
area his hands worked on.  As her muscles became nearly limp, he 
continued his calmly possessive massage to her nether opening.  

        She was expecting him to penetrate her immediately.  
Instead he began to slowly massage that as well.  His hands made 
a new movement and for the first time in several minutes ("How 
Many?" she wondered to herself) touched her sex.  
        Freshly lubricated, his fingers began to massage that 
tightest of all muscles, returning for lubrication as often as 
necessary.  This odd caress effected her in an equally odd way.  
She, at first, felt invaded by his attention, even though he 
continued to stop short of penetration.  Then it began to relax 
her.  This might have continued longer had he not continually 
rubbed her sex ever so lightly.  That gesture changed the 
chemistry of what was happening.  His attention to that most 
secret part of her caused her to focus on it almost exclusively.
        Being on her back, and tied that way, made the feelings 
coming over her seem safer.  It would take substantial changes in 
her situation to position her for him to enter her with his 
member.  She was at an angle where, from that at least, she felt 
safe.  
        When she had begun to relax and enjoy his caress he added 
an extra movement.  His fingers began to lightly probe the sides 
of her opening.  At first this was only an extra stimulation, but 
it became more and more noticible, more and more important as the 
minutes passed.  She found herself thrusting her bottom back at 
him, begging with her body for the penetration that had 
frightened her so much sparse minutes ago.  
        Realizing what was happening to her, she felt a flush 
that was part curiosity at what she would do next, part 
confusion at what had already happened, part shame, and part 
active interest in the process.
        Then she felt the stimulated feeling change to something 
else.  His fingers had still not penetrated her, but deep in her 
loins she felt the approach of another orgasm.  Before she could 
think to hide it, another moan escaped her.  
        "I don't suppose that you want this enough to tell me the 
second number in exchange for my entering you?"  He asked in a 
husky voice.
        She was glad to know that this was effecting him as well.
She grinned at him (she hoped he was looking at her face 
[considering her state of dress, a major assumption]) and said, 
"Enter me?"  She said, trying with all her might to feign 
indifference, "Were you thinking of that?"  She almost carried it 
off.  Her voice broke on the last word.
        The orgasm had continued to grow.  He slid a well 
moistened finger slowly into her dark passage just as the 
explosion hit.  Without touching her front he kept her coming for 
nearly three minutes. 

--
