Copyright © 1997, Carnal Quill.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





The Closet
By The Carnal Quill (as Magic Wand)


Amy giggled as she felt Aaron's finger tentatively touch her bare chest.  The 
two naked 11-year-olds had undressed in the discrete darkness of the girl's 
closet, trying to protect their modesty while satisfying their curiosity.

She gasped a little as his finger trailed toward one of her tiny nipples, 
sending a strange thrill of pleasure through her.  She felt the nipple harden 
and the soft skin around it become sensitive as his finger drew close.

Aaron caressed the soft skin around the nipple, fascinated with the way it 
swelled ever so slightly around the rough little circlet.  Testing its 
firmness, he gave it a gentle pinch.

Amy was surprised at the pleasant feeling that went through her as his soft 
finger traced the erogenous skin around her nipple.  Strangely, she felt it in 
her cunny, too, a quick little ripple deep inside.  She gasped when he pinched 
it and sent a jolt straight to her little clitty, causing it to swell along 
with the nipple.

"Did that hurt?"  He asked, concerned, caressing her swollen little breast 
with the soft palm of his small hand.

"Noooo," she sighed, "It felt *real* good."

"I thought it'd be squishy, but it's kinda hard."  Aaron informed her, moving 
his hand across her chest to test the other little cone.

"Yeah," she admitted shyly...  "Can I feel yours?"

Aaron giggled.  "They're just little dots.  You can barely feel 'em."

"Let me see," Amy insisted, reaching out with one of her own small fingers and 
jabbing him in the chest.

"Ow!"

"I can't see!  Sorry...  Okay, there it is...  Ooooh!  It *is* tiny"

Aaron was surprised at his body's reaction to her finger on his chest.  His 
little dickie, which had been mostly soft, suddenly began to grow and harden 
between his legs.  His heartbeat doubled and his face flushed.

Amy began to rub her finger gently back and forth across his bony chest, 
touching one little nipple, then the other.

"That feels kinda neat," Aaron admitted.  His little lollipop was rock-hard 
now, pointing straight out at her, unseen.  Both of Amy's small tits were 
really hard, too, and Aaron began to fondle them with both hands.

Aaron's breathing became audible pants as his mind flashed images of what her 
titties must look like: firm little cones capped with a rough round patch of 
dark skin and a rubbery bump at the very tip.  The images excited him and made 
his dickie tingle nicely.

For the first time in his life, Aaron felt sexual desire beyond the mere 
desire for physical pleasure.  His body tensed as he felt an overwhelming need 
to crush his hard little pecker against the girl's soft skin, to feel it being 
pressed tightly between their bodies, especially against the mysterious crack 
between her legs that he knew all girls had.

Amy was having a similar experience.  The stimulation of her breasts was 
causing new and wonderful sensations in her.  Her tummy felt all warm and 
fuzzy, growing hotter down her abdomen and into her little virgin cunny.  Her 
pea-sized clitty was spasming with hot sparks of pleasure and her cunt lips 
seemed twice their usual size as they swelled outward against her inner 
thighs.  A strange emptiness was growing deep inside her loins, creating a 
strong desire to have something long and hard fill it up.

"Ohhhhh, Amy!"  Aaron moaned, feeling himself losing control over his excited 
young body, "I wanna hug you *so* hard!"  Without waiting for a reply, he 
wrapped his skinny arms around her and squeezed her tightly.  He gasped as he 
felt her soft, smooth body eagerly press against him.  Sparks filled his 
vision as he felt his sturdy erection digging into the soft, pliant flesh of 
her plump little mons.

"GAAWW! UNH! Ohhhhh..."  Amy groaned loudly as she felt the hot, hard rod 
against her sensitive vulva.  Her little clitty nearly burst with the contact 
of his cool, firm little scrotum against it.  She ground her pelvis hard 
against his, moaning with delight as the three-inch rod rolled around on her 
soft, fuzzy mons.

"Ohhh...  Ohhhh..."  Aaron's high little voice moaned in puerile ecstasy.

"Oooooooh...  Ahhhhhh"  Amy panted as her hips jerked spastically against his.

Within moments, Amy was tilting her hips quickly back and forth to rub her 
burning clitty up his shaft an inch or so, then back down to his balls.  The 
panting boy had grabbed her tight little buns, trying to keep their bodies 
tightly pressed as they rutted against each other.  Little-girl cream was 
smearing his tight little scrotum and the base of his rigid tool.

Aaron's fevered mind thought that she was peeing on him.  But the strong aroma 
that wafted up to his nose sure didn't smell like pee.  It was much better.  
Plus, a strong pressure was building up behind his aching cocklet, and he was 
afraid that HE was going to have to pee very soon!  The lewd smacking sounds 
that were being generated by the lathering cunny cream were turning him on 
even more, and he strained harder against her, driving his inflamed glans into 
her peach-fuzzed little vulva.

"Yiiiieeeee!  Yaaaa!  Unh!  Unh unh unh unh!"  Amy yelped and grunted as her 
clitty exploded against his hot little dickie.  Her hips bucked hard against 
him a couple of times, then began to slowly grind as the first-ever orgasm 
took hold of her young body.  Cunny cream gushed from her spasming girlhood.

Aaron barely caught her as her knees gave out and she began to sink to the 
floor, helping her to lay down gently in the cluttered darkness.  
Instinctively, the little girl laid back, her knees up and wide apart.  Aaron 
knelt in between, then laid on top, wanting nothing more than to feel that 
warm wetness smack at his rock-hard cocklet again.

"Ugh!"  Amy grunted as the eager boy's full weight came down on her a little 
too quickly.  His head came face downward next to hers, his excited panting 
blowing hotly onto her shoulder.  She wrapped her arms around him, squeezing 
tightly as affection for him poured from her little heart.  She felt very 
secure beneath his warm young body.

His angle was perfect as his skinny rod came down to meet her oozing cunny.  
His burning glans bulls-eyed the slick parted petals of her engorged cunny 
hole, but her sphincter muscle tensed reflexively, deflecting his little 
would-be invader and sending it skimming between her puffy outer lips and over 
her newly-emerging clitty.

"Uhhhhhh! Oh! Ahhh!"  Aaron moaned as he felt his pricklet between the 
caressing lips of her cunny.  His hips began an instinctive up and down 
movement that sent his engorged cocklet back and forth along her cunny crack.  
"It's sooooo wet!"  He gasped into her shoulder as his hips began to jerk 
spastically, his body instinctively needing something it had never before 
experienced.

"Gaaaah!  Unh!  Ahhh!"  Amy was moaning and jerking her pinned hips as best 
she could, reveling in the blissful scraping her clitty was getting from his 
slick cock-shaft.  The pleasure was grand, but she also knew that there should 
be something more, something to satisfy the aching emptiness inside her young 
cunny.

Aaron's dickie was burning-hot, and felt like it was filled up with pee-pee 
waiting to squirt out as it frantically cleaved her soft cunny flesh.  If his 
mind was concerned, his body wasn't, and he couldn't stop now if he wanted to.  
He thought his heart would burst as his hips began to quickly spasm and grind 
against her hot girl meat.

Amy was delirious with pleasure.  Her hips suddenly tilted upward of their own 
accord as Aaron's sturdy little tool began to move forward along her cleft.  
Silky vaginal lips kissed cherry-red glans, then parted eagerly to let it 
enter.

Neither child knew what was happening, but their bodies responded 
electrically.

"OHHHHHHHH! Ahhhhh!"  Amy sighed as she felt the slippery worm invaded her 
secret place, inflating and caressing it.  She had broken her hymen in gym 
class a few months before, unwittingly allowing for a joyously easy entry now.

"Amyyyyyyyyyyy!  Ungh!  Ungh!  Uhlllllll!"  Aaron moaned as he felt his 
dicklet let go inside this unexpectedly soft tight place.  Strong spasms 
jerked his cock as he tried to keep from pissing inside of her.  To his 
amazement, nothing came out!  He just felt a wonderful sense of release as the 
spasms continued and he slowly moved his hips back and forth, luxuriating in 
her warm, soft wetness.

Amy nearly sang with joy as she felt him moving inside her, panting and 
gasping his pleasure in her ear.  It was a nice warm, fuzzy feeling of 
contentment that she felt, far different than the explosive orgasm earlier, 
but somehow just as good.  At some primal level, she realized that she was a 
woman now.

Aaron's hips finally stopped moving as he finally finished his very first cum.  
He rested, still boyishly hard inside of her.  Their lips touched in the 
darkness, and they kissed gently, their bodies joined and satisfied.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....