Archive-name: 3plus/butter1.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 1


                  Chapter One - The Meeting

     Jimmy was still in shock over the new condo that he and
Dana had just moved into.  They had saved up the down
payment over a period of about 3 years and now were
realizing the dream of having their own place.  It was a
very nice area and the complex they were in had a pool, rec
room and tennis courts.
     They were still in the stage of unpacking and hadn't
had a chance to meet any neighbors yet.  He and Dana had put
off starting a family until they were settled into their own
place.  It was June and after unpacking for most of the day,
it would be a good time to check out the pool.  As they put
on their suits, Jimmy couldn't help but watch Dana as she
changed.  He had always been amazed by her body.  She was
very thin except for her chest which she was now trying to
stuff into the top of her bikini.
     She remarked that she didn't know if she should go to
the pool the first time with half her chest hanging out.
Jimmy would be glad to have the men there drool over her,
but he dared not say anything since Dana was pretty
conservative about things like that.  It had taken quite
awhile for her just to get comfortable around Jimmy after
they got married.  She had been brought up in a pretty
religious family and it had taken Jimmy a long time to
convince her that whatever a man and wife do in privacy is
ok.
     Actually, she had gotten to where she would do just
about anything he wanted short of having other people
involved.  This of course was Jimmy's strongest fantasy,
but he could never tell her this.
     You see Jimmy had always wondered what it would be like
to have 2 women with him at the same time, or even another
woman watch him & her make love!  The only thing was that he
had brought the subject up once but she seemed not to want
to talk about it, so he let it alone until later.  Jimmy
did, once, get to feel what it was like (a long time ago).
His best friend, his girl and he had tried it.
     As he came out of his thoughts, he realized Dana was
waiting for him to answer her.  "Oh, honey, don't worry
about it.  You'll be the best looking one there."  They put
on their pool jackets and thongs and headed for the pool.
     It was a very warm day and the pool was pretty busy.
As Jimmy looked around, it was obvious the people here
weren't modest.  There were several women there with a lot
more of their bodies exposed than Dana.  In fact, most of
them had on very small bikinis and some had on the kind that
showed all of their ass with just a string up the middle.
Needless to say, Jimmy was in heaven.
     Dana looked around and thought to herself that what she
was wearing was pretty conservative compared to the rest of
the women here.  She got more comfortable by the minute.
They found a couple of lounge chairs and took off their
jackets and lay down to get a little sun.  A few people
passed and spoke but no one really struck up a conversation.
     After awhile, it got pretty hot and Jimmy suggested
they take a dip.  They jumped in on the side of the pool and
just kind of stayed in the water holding onto the side of
the pool.  Jimmy was taking in all the women and was more
than a little surprised by the number of men wearing bikini
style swim suits.  He always wore the boxer style, but was
thinking maybe he would get a new suit since no one seemed
to mind all the bulges around the pool.
     Dana said she was ready to leave after about an hour
and they started gathering their towels and things.  A
couple walked up and asked them if they were new.  Jimmy
looked up into the firmest set of tits he had ever seen.
Dana couldn't help but notice that the guy was wearing a
very small bikini suit that barely covered up what he had.
Jimmy said that they were new and introduced themselves.
Mike and Barbara were the other couple's names and they said
they had moved there about a year ago.  They asked Jimmy and
Dana if they would like to come over for drinks later and
they said they would like that.  Jimmy and Dana were glad to
finally meet someone since they had been spending all their
time unpacking and getting the condo in shape.  It was about
6 and Mike said 8 would be a good time.
     Dana got out of the shower and was trying to decide
what to wear.  She figured she'd wear something fairly
conservative since she wanted to make a good impression with
their first acquaintances.  A pair of slacks and a blouse
was what she decided on.  In the back of her mind, though,
she couldn't help thinking about the bulge in Mike's suit.
Jimmy was the only man she had ever been with but the size
of the bulge in Mike's suit definitely convinced her that
there were cocks out there larger than Jimmy's.  She tried
to shove the sight out of her mind.
     Jimmy decided he'd just wear jeans and a pullover
shirt.  He kept thinking about Barbara's tits since he had
always been a tit man.  Her tits weren't huge, but they
definitely were more than a mouthful and seemed to be the
firmest he had ever seen.  Otherwise she was definitely
alright in Jimmy's book.  About 5'4" tall, tan and slim.
     They were both trying to be nonchalant about tonight
but both were preoccupied with thoughts of lust since they
had both been too tired to do anything in bed for about a
week.
     Meanwhile, Mike and Barbara had thoughts of their own.
Barbara was planning on wearing a halter top and some very
tight jeans.  Mike was trying to figure out what pair of
pants were tightest in the right area and which muscle shirt
would look best with them.  They had discussed tonight and
had a few surprises for Jimmy and Dana when they got there.
     8:00 came and Jimmy rang the bell.  Barbara answered
the door and Jimmy immediately began salivating.  Dana was a
little surprised that Barbara would wear something so
provocative for their first visit.  Then when she saw what
Mike was wearing, she forgot about it.  He had on a too
small pair of sweatpants and obviously nothing under them.
He also was wearing a see through muscle shirt that Dana
immediately liked.  Barbara invited them to come in and
asked what they'd like to drink.  They all sat down in the
living room and chit-chatted for about an hour.  They
discussed what they did for a living, their families and
where they were, etc.  Pretty boring stuff until Mike went
to get fresh drinks and asked Dana to help him.  They went
into the kitchen and left Jimmy and Barbara to chat.
     Barbara turned toward Jimmy and he thought her tits
were going to fall out of the top.  He could tell easily
that her nipples were hard as rocks.  Of course, something
of his was getting hard, too.  Barbara suggested that they
go help with the drinks.  They started for the kitchen.
      As Jimmy turned to go into the kitchen, he froze in
his tracks.  Dana was standing in front of the counter where
the booze was with her hands on the counter and Mike was
behind her with his hands around her massaging her tits
while he was grinding his groin against her ass.  She had
her head thrown back and was grinding back against him.  She
definitely was enjoying what he was doing and was oblivious
that anyone was watching.  Jimmy couldn't move and was
speechless.  Barbara grabbed him by the arm and guided him
back to the living room.
      They sat down on the sofa and she asked him if what he
saw bothered him.  He said he was just totally shocked that
Dana would go along with what Mike was doing.  She had
always been so straight-laced.  Barbara reached over and
rubbed Jimmy's cock through his pants and said that it
appeared Dana was enjoying herself, so he should too.  Jimmy
just sat there in shock for a second and realized that Mike
and Dana were still in the kitchen and things were very
quiet.  He reached over and put his hand on Barbara's breast
and started pinching her nipple through the top.  She moved
over and proceeded to cram her tongue down his throat and
unzip his pants.  He managed to pull the halter top
completely down and saw the most beautiful breasts he had
ever seen outside of a magazine.  Not large, but definitely
ample, a slight droop and huge nipples that were standing
almost straight out.  He immediately moved down to get a
taste of them.  By this time, Barbara had freed his cock
from his pants and was rubbing it lightly with her long
fingers.
      In the kitchen, Mike had unbuttoned Dana's blouse and
unhooked her bra to reveal a luscious set that he was
feverishly massaging.  Dana had reached behind her with both
hands pulling Mike's hips into her while he was still
grinding his cock into her ass.  He put both hands down the
front of her pants and started trying to pull them down and
that's when Dana hesitated.  She said she wasn't sure about
this and Mike suggested she peek into the living room and
see what was going on there.  She walked over to the corner
and looked in.
     Her chin hit the floor when she saw Barbara and Jimmy
completely nude 69'ing on the couch.  Barbara had her legs
clamped around Jimmy's head and all she could see was his
head moving a little.  She had his cock in her mouth and was
moving back and forth from the shaft to his balls.  His cock
was glistening in what little light there was.
      Mike pulled her back into the kitchen and asked her if
she wanted to join them.  She just stood there speechless.
She was trying to quickly analyze and make a decision.
Then she thought, I'm always too analytical, this time I go
with my body and told Mike ok.  They walked into the living
room and Jimmy and Barbara both looked up to see them
standing there and of course noticed that Dana's blouse was
open and her bra completely off her breasts.  Jimmy jumped
up and opened his mouth to say something, but Dana put her
fingers to his lips and said "If it's ok with you, it's ok
with me".
      Barbara had gotten up and was standing next to Mike,
who said that they should follow him.  They walked down the
hallway to the bedroom.  It was a beautiful room with a
king-size bed and thick plush carpet.  It was a very
comfortable room.  Mike reached for Dana and removed her
blouse the rest of the way.  She wrestled out of her bra and
dropped it on the floor.  Mike laid her on the bed and took
off her shoes and pants to notice that that's all she had
on.
      Jimmy was a little surprised too, since she had always
worn underwear before.  Barbara pulled Jimmy onto the bed
and took up where she left off.  Mike was gently sucking on
one of Dana's nipples and she was stretched out like a cat
enjoying every minute of it.  She heard someone talking but
was sort of in a daze and she was so enjoying the licking
Mike was giving her, she didn't pay any attention to what
was said.  She felt a tongue moving her lips apart to gently
suck on her clit.  It was the best feeling she ever had.
Her chest had turned a deep shade of red as the feeling of
euphoria rose in her.
      All this time she had her eyes closed and then felt
something pushing on her mouth.  She opened her eyes to find
Mike's cock in her face and she began to gently lick it.
But wait, if this is Mike's cock, who is licking me?  She
looked down for a moment and saw that it was Barbara licking
her.  She flinched a little and Mike touched her forehead
and said "Enjoy".  It felt so good, she didn't argue.  Jimmy
had performed oral sex on her several times, but it never
felt this good.  Barbara's mouth seemed to know exactly
where to lick or probe and when.
      At the same time, she saw Jimmy on his knees behind
Barbara holding his cock in his hand guiding it into
Barbara's cunt.  She was enjoying Mike's cock since she had
never seen one this big.  It wasn't any longer than Jimmy's,
but definitely much thicker.  She swirled her tongue around
the head a few times and then would gingerly suck on it.
She couldn't come close to getting the whole thing in her
mouth.  She moved down to his balls and managed to get each
one in her mouth for a few seconds.  Mike had wet his
fingers and was pinching and rubbing her nipples.  Dana had
never felt this good before and knew she'd come any minute.
      Jimmy was buried in Barbara's pussy and was fucking
her with very long, slow strokes.  He was the one that had a
view of everything going on and couldn't believe this was
happening.  All of a sudden, Dana let out a yell and started
shaking uncontrollably.  She was trying to move away from
Barbara's mouth since the orgasm was so strong.  She moaned
and writhed for about 30 seconds and then slowly calmed
down.
      Mike moved over and Jimmy pulled out of Barbara and
Barbara moved up Dana's body and kissed Dana deeply.  It was
quite a sight for Jimmy.  Barbara moved off of Dana and
pulled Dana over to her.  Dana instinctively moved down to
Barbara's cunt and started licking her.  Mike moved under
Dana and started licking her cunt while Jimmy positioned
himself so Barbara could finish what she had started in the
living room.  Dana stopped for a second and told Mike she
wanted him to fuck her, not eat her.  Jimmy almost fainted.
He couldn't believe this was his conservative wife eating
another women's pussy and telling a stranger to fuck her in
front of her husband.  Although he was enjoying it, he was
still in a state of shock.
      Mike moved up behind her and with one shove, was in
her all the way.  She moaned a little and put her ass in the
air for him.  Barbara was really getting into Jimmy's cock.
She had the whole thing in her mouth and Jimmy couldn't
figure out why she wasn't choking.  He could feel the head
touching the back of her throat and he knew he wouldn't last
long.  Dana was really sucking and licking now and Barbara
was starting to tremble slightly.  Mike was pounding her
pretty hard, but not hard enough to make her hurt Barbara
with her teeth.  Jimmy felt his cum rising and Barbara could
feel the spasms starting in his cock.  She moved up on his
cock to where she only had about 3 inches of it in her mouth
and started moving her tongue around the head very fast
while sucking.  Jimmy shot what felt like a quart into her
mouth and she drank every drop.
     About the same time, Mike let out a yell and shot his
load into Dana's drenching cunt.  He collapsed onto her back
and she lay down on the bed still working on Barbara.
Barbara started moaning a little and was glad Dana could
concentrate on her now.  Dana was rapidly sucking on
Barbara's clit and had two fingers in her cunt as well.
Barbara started moving around and Dana had to almost follow
her around the bed.  Of course, the guys were just sitting
back watching now.  Barbara started pitching and bucking and
reached for Dana's head.  She grabbed Dana's head and pulled
it into her crotch and let out a scream.  She shook for
what seemed like a full minute.  When she calmed down, Dana
pulled away and her mouth and chin were drenched.  She
licked her lips and said, "that was good!"
      Her face smelled of Barbara's muskiness and she laid
back on the bed.  They had both been in heaven or at least
so they had thought!
      Barbara couldn't tell which of the guys it was who
smeared K-Y jelly on her ass, but without opening her eyes
she pulled her knees to her chest and felt warm hands
caressing her back door.  Fingers played in and out of her
until she could tell that what began slipping in was not a
finger.  Her muscle resisted and protested a little, but
then she relaxed again and gave into the insistent thrusting
until she could feel his hips bouncing off of her cheeks.
She first looked back to see that it was Jimmy giving it to
her, and then over at Dana who was dreamily staring at the
scene and licking her lips.  Dana then moved her own
twitching cheeks closer to Barbara's wet mouth.
      Even as Barbara's own ass was being rythmically pumped
she tongued and fingered Dana's tight bung hole.  Dana's own
fingers were down there also, working her clit to the beat
Barbara was setting with her tongue, which she was moving in
sync to the reaming she was getting in the rear.  Dana was
working frantically with her fingers, and even helped grease
her own anus with the cunt juices, the taste of which only
drove Barbara to lick and probe more heartily.
      And when the 3 of them thought that all the ass was
taken, Barbara sensed the only one left out, Mike, move up
behind Jimmy who was behind her.  He knew that the 2 ladies'
back ends were taken, so he took the only available derriere
left.  Getting into the rhythm of the other 3 he
amateurishly tried to just thrust on in, but after a quick
failure he too scooped the K-Y jelly, smeared it into Jim's
ass, and rammed home!  Aah!  Spent, they all collapsed on
the large bed and fell fast asleep.
      Later that evening they awakened, dressed, and went
out to the dining room for that dinner Jimmy and Dana had
come over for.  They talked like old friends though they had
just met.  Their shared experience had brought them closer
together than a month of dinners alone could have.
      They made plans to meet at the pool the next day, and
as they parted Mike winked at Jimmy and said they had a
surprise for the two of them when next they met.
               ***********************
        Dana and Jimmy went to the local mall the next day
to do some shopping.  Jimmy was excited about their
encounter, but Dana seemed transformed by it.  As they went
through the clothes racks, Dana frowned at the more
conservative choices and spent a lot of time in the lingerie
and swimsuit departments.  They each did a little shopping
on their own and then met again to go home.  When they left
Jimmy knew that Dana's choices boded well for the future.
      They arrived back home only a short time before they
were to meet Mike and Barb, and the suit Dana chose to wear
may as well not have been there.  A pale pink thong bikini
snaked its way around her waist, over her neatly trimmed
bush, and tightly up between her cheeks - a hint of lace the
only part peeking out.  The bra was tight, but not
uncomfortably so.  The material was nearly sheer, and her
nipples, while not completely revealed, surely would be so
when she got wet.
      Meanwhile Jimmy put on a striped Speedo suit, but when
he got a look at his voluptuous wife he wondered how he
would ever stay inside the small piece of fabric.  Donning
their robes they went out hand in hand to the pool area.
      Mike and Barb were sitting by the pool sipping drinks
when they arrived.  Mike was wearing the same small black
suit as the day before, but Barbara was wearing a yellow and
green one-piece that was see-through even without being wet.
Jimmy and Dana unrobed, and flushed at the appreciative
stares they received from Mike and Barb.
      Barb peeked over the rim of her sunglasses at the
bulge in Jim's lap, and her hand unconsciously went to her
own crotch for a second.
      After a few minutes of chit-chat Mike said that he
wanted to show them the surprise he had mentioned the night
before.  He walked over to the pool's edge, knelt down, and
motioned to someone on the other side.  There was a splash,
a pause, and then he was helping a teenaged blond out of the
water.
      The sun glistened from her green eyes, and the water
clung to her tanned skin, almost like it was reluctant to
let go.  She had narrow hips but long legs that made her
seem taller than her 5'6" height.  Her hair hung wetly down
to an ample chest, but the most striking thing about her was
her smile, set amidst a model's face.  Her smile was warm
with just a hint of mischief as she accepted Mike's hand and
walked over to where the other 3 sat.
      "Tanya," Mike said, his eyes never leaving her, "let
me introduce you to two very close friends - Jimmy and
Dana."
      Jimmy started to get up, but became afraid he would
literally poke up through his suit, so he just leaned
forward and shook her hand.  Dana followed suit, and found
herself staring at this lovely young creature in spite of
herself.
      "Tanya," Mike explained, "is our niece, just in this
morning from across the state.  She was in our wedding as a
junior bridesmaid 5 years ago when she was 14.  She's
slept," and he paused for effect, "with us whenever there
was a concert in the city she wanted to attend.  We try to
make it a habit of having her here at least once a month."
      Tanya then skipped off to the diving area and began to
show off her form on the medium board, doing double
somersaults and entering with hardly a splash.  Jimmy leaned
back, waved for a drink from the bar, and wondered how he
had ever gotten so lucky.  Dana's eyes were glued to the
nubile girl's acrobatics, and she caught herself licking her
lips.
        An hour later they decided to go in from the sun,
and all 5 hurried to Mike and Barbara's apartment.  The air-
conditioning felt great after the heat of the day, and no
one dressed any more modestly than they were while Barb went
into the kitchen to fix a pitcher of cool drinks.  Tanya
told Jimmy and Dana that she was in town to see a hard rock
band the next night.  Mike then explained how Tanya had
walked in on he and Barb making love accidentally nearly 6
years ago, and they had spent time with her explaining the
mechanics and the emotions, but had not done more with her
until her 18th birthday.  That was when the monthly visits
had begun, and had continued for nearly a year.  Barb
returned with the drinks, and as everyone sipped Mike asked
Tanya if she would like to expand her horizons.  The
mischievous smile reappeared on her face, and she reached
out both hands to Jimmy and Dana, and led them back to the
bedroom with Mike and Barbara following close behind.  She
motioned for the 2 couples to sit on the bed, and then she
began a slow striptease that sent shivers down their spine.
When her suit was off she turned her back to them, but they
could see her fingers moving back and forth between her legs
as she swayed her hips.  Her motions picked up tempo and she
turned and faced them, her eyes closed, but her fingers
massaged her slit, and now and then dipped inside for
lubricate herself.  One hand reached up and began pinching a
nipple and a gasp escaped her lips.  Slowly her steps moved
her closer to the bed until she masturbated right in front
of Dana.  She moved and swayed closer until Dana couldn't
help herself and she leaned forward and suckled the upturned
breast.  Her own nipples were stiff, and Mike reached from
behind and massaged them vigorously.
     Barbara was sitting behind Jimmy, and her hands
encircled his waist and then found his rod still straining
inside his bikini.  She freed it and kissed his neck from
behind, pressing her own straining breasts against his back.
Jimmy alternated between closing his eyes in ecstasy and
peeking over at the show going on with his wife and the
nubile young co-ed.  He saw as Tanya's lithe body pressed up
against his wife's eager mouth, and how she sucked, nibbled,
and licked in eager return.  Tanya's tight body showed no
tan lines - a fact Jimmy decided to inquire about later.
     Barb pulled him backwards until he lay back on the bed
Barb moved around and off the bed, pulling his trunks off as
she went.  She pulled the top of her own suit off down to
the waist, exposing her perfectly round firm breasts, and he
finally had cause to tear his eyes off his wife and Tanya.
Jimmy was a sucker for a chest like this and he watched as
she leaned over and pressed his stiff member between them.
The tanning oil that had been applied earlier felt delicious
to his engorged penis as it slipped in and out of her golden
mounds.
        Next to them Dana had stood up and given Tanya a
tender embrace.  They stared into each other's eyes and then
tentatively kissed, their tongues circling and probing
gently.  Mike felt a little left out, but then decided to do
something about it and joined them in the embrace.
     The two ladies parted, the young blonde on his left,
the brown-haired new neighbor on his right, and then they
both dropped to their knees and took turns engulfing his
cock.  Dana marvelled at how deeply Tanya could swallow it,
and after a couple of tries found that she could suppress
her gag reflex and hold it deeply in her own mouth.  The
little "yesses" she got from Tanya encouraged to continue
mimicking the technique Tanya used, obviously practiced
extensively on Mike.  Although she was nearly 6 years older,
Dana found herself anxiously learning at the side of her
newest lover.  In between turns Tanya would reach over and
caress Dana's tits, and occasionally reach down and tease
her pussy.
     Mike's hips had been slowly pushing and retreating to
this treatment, but when he closed his eyes and began to
push in earnest Tanya reached up and pinched the end of his
cock with one hand and held him tightly around the waist
with the other.  Eventually his rocking slowed down and he
was able to open his eyes.
     "Why did you do that?" Dana couldn't help but ask.
     "We don't want to bring this to a climax too quickly,
now do we?" she asked back, the smile still playing on her
lips.  "Come with me and let's try my favorite position,"
she winked to Dana.  They moved up onto the bed where she
bid Dana to lie down spread-eagled.  Tanya then motioned to
Jimmy to move up behind her as she got onto all fours, her
face leaning down towards Dana's snatch.  Barb gave him a
"go ahead" smile, so he took up position behind her tight
little ass.  Mike moved over to his wife and the two cuddled
as they watched their protegee do her "work."  Tanya ran
her fingers up and down Dana's legs, massaging her way
higher with each pass until she was combing through her
curly bush.
     Jimmy fondled the well-tanned cheeks, savoring the
moment.  Finally he couldn't resist her upturned
pussy peeking out from the top of her well-muscled legs.  He
thought he would easily slip his meat in, but her young
pussy was tighter than he had anticipated, and he slowly
pushed and rocked his way in.  The resistance felt
incredibly good, and rather than sliding in and out he found
that his cock was practically hugged on its way out, as if
she could reach down and grab him with her pussy's muscles.
The slow-fuck was as close to heaven as he'd ever been, and
when he would reach the furthest point in he could go on
each pass, instead of just pulling back to start another
stroke, he would pull her hips into him with his hands and
feel her tight cool cheeks against his belly.
        While Jim slowly moved in and out of her Dana felt a
warm moist tongue working its way through her pubic hairs
towards her clit.  It ached for a good tongue-lashing, and
she squirmed in anticipation.  She felt her juices running
out and down her leg, but the beautiful face dipped suddenly
and lapped them up.  Finally she felt her pussy lips parting
to the insistent thrusts of Tanya's tongue.  She writhed in
pleasure as her little knob nearly burst.  The juices flowed
faster and she met Jim's gaze with almost guilty feelings.
But he looked just as content as she, buried up to the hilt
in pussy.  Tanya began rocking forwards and back until with
his deepest thrust yet Jim yelled "Good God!" and filled her
with his juices.   He pumped into her for what seemed an
eternity and then collapsed back in exhaustion.
        Dana and Tanya, meanwhile, were no where near done,
and Tanya's tongue was giving her slit a real work out.
Mike and Barb, though, seemed to be having a disagreement.
"But we this is HER birthday
     present, not yours," insisted Barb.  "I know, but look
at her..." Mike mused.  Barb gazed at the arched back and
the upturned ass and relented.  How could she refuse him
such a tempting sight?  She leaned across Jim and began
tonguing his limp member to keep herself occupied.
        Mike took up the place recently vacated by Jimmy and
filled the position with relish.  Tanya felt the warm cock
entering her and oohed and moaned as her own sensations
rekindled.  Mike leaned forward and reached around her to
squeeze her free-swinging boobs.
        Dana had reached up and grabbed a hold of the
headboard post to keep herself from lurching off of the bed.
Each stroke of Tanya's tongue was like a spasm of fire,
shooting up from her crotch to her chest and she couldn't
help but buck and jump, it felt so good.
     Just as Dana's body quivered and shook Barb's
ministrations to Jim's limp member began to bear fruit.
Dana, though, was not concerned with anyone or anything else
except the fireworks of pleasure going off where Tanya's
loving licks lit them.  Tanya used circling motions, back
and forth, quick flicks, nibbles and sucking with her mouth
in conjunction with the probes of 1, 2, or 3 fingers at a
time into Dana's dripping crotch.  She wondered if the
explosions of nearly painful pleasure would ever end?  She
had had multiple orgasms making love with Jimmy, but this
was like one long, continuous, earth-shaking orgasm!  She
gave herself over completely into the care of this teenager
who seemed so much older than her years, at least when it
came to pleasures of the flesh.  Her nipples ached and were
as hard rocks.
     Eventually she noticed that Barb had left Jimmy and had
straddled her face and was lowering her own pussy down onto
her waiting mouth.  Barb had seen her ecstasy and had had to
get in on the action.  Dana's inner fire had been sated for
the moment, so she gripped her aching breasts and did her
best to give Barb a "taste" of what she had just been
through.
     Tanya had finished her tongue-lashing of the brunette
and turned her attention to her aunt's husband.  She pulled
away from him, leaving him with a pained frown on his face.
"Hold it just a minute, would you?" and he smiled at her
double-entendre.  He complied happily, seeing that she had
something up her sleeve (despite her nakedness).
     She moved over to where Jimmy was lying with a once-
again hard on.  Reaching over him to the night stand, she
picked up the bottle of tanning oil and poured some on her
back.  She kept pouring until it ran down the small of her
back and onto her ass, eventually finding its way in between
her cheeks.  She then reached back and smeared an ample
amount into and around her anus.  Then she got a palm full
and greased up Jim's cock, leaving a good bit up around the
tip.  "Stay on your back, please," she requested of him,
"and hold yourself straight up in the air."  Mike continued
to palm himself as he watched this unfold.  She then
straddled over Jimmy, her back to his chest, and did a
gymnastic split.  She had lined things up pretty well, and
slowly she brought her little hole over his slippery prick.
     She allowed gravity to drop her down bit by bit, and
with the oil helping he was able to penetrate the head
inside her before she had to come out of her split to then
sit all the way down.  Jimmy gulped at the feeling of
slippery tightness as her greased up buns planted themselves
down onto him.  When she was as far down as possible she
leaned back and lay on his chest, her blonde tresses
smothering his face.  She hooked an arm under his and then
pulled them both over onto their sides.  She then motioned
Mike over to her front.  He got the picture right away, and
moved to sandwich her in between himself and Jimmy.  She was
slightly curled up into Jimmy, but she straightened out as
far as possible and he was able to guide himself into her
available hole.
     The three tightly pressed bodies then began to screw
and hug.  Jimmy was amazed to feel Mike's cock rubbing his
own through the vaginal wall and it felt incredible!
        Tanya now knew what Mike and Barb had meant when
they had urged her to visit that weekend for her birthday.
They had taught her well, but she had been fantasizing about
this encounter since they'd called the night before.  This
position was the best she'd ever tried - to be filled by two
men at the same time!  The only thing she could imagine that
could be any better would be to have an engorged cock in her
mouth at the same time.
     Getting back to what she had at the moment she kissed
Mike and allowed his tongue to fill her mouth, his dark
moustache tickling her upper lip as usual.  Now he and Jimmy
were moving and thrusting in unison, and she reached back
with her free arm to dig her nails into Jimmy's cute tush,
to which he responded with renewed vigor.  The feel of her
oiled back rubbing against his chest, the proximity of
someone else making love so near by, and seeing his wife
pleasuring another woman all added up to a head-rush for
Jim.  But this was a head rush down below, and it felt oh so
sweet.
     "I need to taste a cock," Tanya finally moaned, but
Jimmy wasn't giving up his place in line, so Mike withdrew
and sidled up higher along her side and presented his penis
coated in her love juices.  She parted her cherry red lips
and out snaked her tongue.  She began at base of his cock,
just above the balls, and ate her own muskiness off of him.
She gave him long hard licks and finished each stroke off by
sucking on the head for a few seconds.  Then she licked one
of her fingers and reached under his scrotum to tickle and
play with his anus swirling it around and finally in.  Mike
couldn't hold back any longer but did refrain from grabbing
her head to ram his cock down her throat.  He and Barbara
had never forced Tanya to do anything she hadn't wanted to,
so he clasped his hands behind his neck and let her do his
thing.  She expertly squeezed and sucked him to the beat of
his spasms, and milked him for all he was worth.
     Jimmy's renewed hard-on lasted longer since this was
round number two for him, and he enjoyed each thrust as he
squeezed into and out of her ass.  He reached around her
thigh and began to finger her pussy, and she then responded
with harder pushes to his thrusts, quickening the pace, and
moaning around the gushing prick in her mouth.  Mike finally
gave out and she dropped her hands to her crotch to add her
ten fingers to the action of Jimmy's five.  He reached up
with his other hand to pull the golden tresses away from her
neck.  He kissed and nibbled the back of her neck and chewed
on her earlobes, flicking his tongue in her ear now and
then.
     Her pushes against his hips became harder and nearly
frantic, and this allowed him to screw her ass deeper and
deeper until he almost could imagine being entirely engulfed
within this gorgeous girl's cheeks.  Soon part of him was as
he flooded her with his delight.  They finished their
entwinement, and when they were able to open their eyes they
noticed that they were alone in the room.
     Jimmy found his tank suit and a towel for Tanya, and
they ventured out of the master bedroom.  No one was in the
living room, but they did hear some giggling coming from the
back bedroom.  Hand in hand they headed for the sounds, and
found the other three beginning a whole new venture.
     This was technically a bedroom, but it had been
outfitted for other activities besides sleep.  There were
pulleys and ropes attached at various places around the bed,
which was covered in pink silk sheets.  On the dresser there
was an array of devices made of rubber and plastic.  There
was a video camera on a tripod, track lighting, and many
mirrors located around the walls, as well as a large one on
the ceiling.
     Off of this room was an outdoor deck completely
surrounded with a fence, and Jimmy remembered that he had
wondered how Tanya had achieved such an all-over tan.
Apparently she had been in, or at least through this room
before.
     The giggling was coming mostly from Barbara, already
secured to the bed at the ankles, and was laughing as Dana
tickled her and Mike tried to tie her wrists.
        Jimmy also noticed a large bowl of ripe fruit on the
nightstand next to the bed.  Tanya gave his hand a squeeze,
picked up an apple, took a juicy bite from it and headed out
onto the deck.  Jimmy poked his head out into the bright
sunshine to take a look.  The architecture of the complex
allowed each condo to have a completely private piece of the
sky.  The deck above theirs was recessed back a little,
but each was surrounded by a wall that didn't allow easy
peeking over.  There was a picnic table and benches, and a
large gas grill next to it.  On the other side were 4 lounge
chairs, an outdoor refrigerator, and a pile of neatly folded
towels.  Tanya sauntered over to the pile of towels, her
golden skin nearly glowing in the afternoon sunshine.  She
reached under the pile and pulled out sunglasses, tanning
oil, and a magazine.  She spread out the towel on a lounge
chair which she laid flat, slipped on the glasses to protect
her green eyes, and stretched herself out in the warmth of
the day like a cat in a spot of kitchen sunshine.  Looking
over her shoulder at Jimmy, she asked, "If you want to go
back into the play room you're welcome to, but I could
really use some lotion on my back.  Would you please?" The
giggling had stopped in the "play room", as she'd called it,
and he was curious about what was going on in there, but he
could hardly refuse such a nice request.
     Timidly he stepped out onto the deck, glancing around
to see if there were any vantage points from above that
could see into this space, and gained confidence as he saw
how isolated they were.  Kneeling down beside her he
dribbled the oil out onto her back in teasing little drops.
Goose bumps sprang up on her skin, and she shivered with
delight, but he warmed her up with his hands as he worked it
into her back.
     She loosened up gradually and he felt her muscles
slackening under his ministrations.  She opened her
magazine, and he saw that it was a "couples" kind.  She
gazed at the pairs of lovers on each page, man and woman,
woman and woman, man and man.  Jimmy allowed his hands to
wander a little farther down her frame, marvelling at the
petite waist, tight cheeks, and muscular legs.  He added
some oil to her thighs, and really massaged her legs,
working his way down to the calfs, the ankles, and the tiny
feet.
     Tanya luxuriated in the warmth of both the sun and
Jimmy's knowledgeable hands.  Usually her feet were quite
ticklish, but his fingers kneeded and caressed them without
any discomfort.  She turned her head to the side and was
aware of the colors all around her.  The bright blue sky
with its cottony white clouds.  The red brick walls around
them, and the florescent pink plastic lounge chair she was
lying on.  She propped herself up on her elbows and turned
to look back at this hunk giving her a massage.
     He was so unlike the boys she had gone out with.  He
was willing to give as well as take.  She admired his
muscular chest that was almost hairless.  His short blonde
hair made him look young, but she knew he was an experienced
man who knew his way around the block.  She gazed lower at
his tight stomach muscles and the beginnings of his pubic
hair before her legs and the chair blocked her view.  They
had made love not long ago, but with so many involved she
hadn't really been able to appreciate his special attentions
the way she was now.
     Ooo it felt so good.  His hands working her feet and
then her ankles.  Her legs felt like jelly as he massaged up
her calves and then the back of her knees.  He made his way
to her thighs and lingered there a bit, rubbing in a little
more oil, spreading her legs a little to get at the muscles
of her inner thighs.  Then, aaah, his slippery fingers found
the place where her legs came together.  She allowed him to
massage and caress her lips, but then turned over and sat
up.
     Jimmy looked surprised and asked, "Is something wrong?"
     "No, not a thing," she smiled back at him.  "But here
you've been making me feel so good, ...I just want to return
the favor."
     She got him to straddle the lounge chair sitting up,
and then leaned over and sucked his cock as deeply into her
mouth as she could.  He leaned back and braced himself with
a hand on each side of the chair.  She then gave his shaft a
tongue-bath.  The tip steadily grew and filled with blood
until it looked like a mushroom.  He was so hard that it
grew a dark red, almost purple color.  He didn't poke
straight out but slightly curved upward.  Tanya covered her
teeth with her lips and slid her mouth up and down,
squeezing with her fingers, and sucking as hard as she
could.  Again, she thought, it feels so good to be with
a real man!
     Outside, the two blondes, the little teenaged girl
celebrating her 19th birthday, and the neighbor from across
the way, continued their activity.
     Inside, Barbara had been secured to the bed by her
husband, with Dana helping out.  Dana noticed that all the
straps holding Barb to the bed had snaps on them that
Barbara could reach and undo any time she wanted.  Dana
relaxed in the knowledge that anyone involved in this
kinkiness was doing so of their own volition.  The straps
really held her securely, but could be easily released any
time the one bound chose.  Mike opened a closet door and
pulled out a belt, collar, bracelets, and anklets all made
of leather with silver studs on them.  Then he got out a
second set.  One he handed to Dana and the other he began
to put on his wife.  Dana put the collar on, then the
anklets and bracelets.  She had momentarily wondered about
the belt, thinking maybe Mike had meant to use it on
Barbara, but then she saw him hooking it around her waist.
     She followed suit and admired herself in the mirror.
The feel of the leather and the smell of it aroused her.
She looked so different from the prim and proper wife she
had always thought herself.  She was slowly changing her
self appraisal, and she liked the changes.  She felt more
powerful, more in control, more willing to accept that
pleasure was alright to receive.
     When she turned back to Mike and Barbara she had a
glint in her eye not previously there.  "Don't you look
good?" admired Mike.  Dana then walked over to the dresser
and considered which of the "toys" she would try.
     Her eyes roamed over the assortment of dildoes,
vibrators, handcuffs, ben-wa balls, creams and jellies.  She
also noticed a couple of masks.  She picked up one that
would cover a face from the nose up, that was in black
velvet with colored feathers lining the top edge.  She tried
it on and looked in the mirror.
     What stared back was a sexy young woman with leather
adornments on, a woman with no identity because of the mask,
a woman of mystery.  She gazed at the body in the mirror and
saw a medium frame, brunette hair, slim legs, and a pouting
mouth below the mask.  Satisfied with what she saw she
picked up one of the vibrators and headed toward Barbara's
prone body.
     Mike watched as she leaned over and gently kissed his
wife.  Their kisses then took on greater urgency, Barbara
tugging at her bonds in an attempt to return the caresses
Dana was giving her smooth belly with her free hand.  Then
he saw her hand glide up onto the left breast and give it a
hard squeeze.  Barbara gasped in pain but then responded by
forcing her tongue deeper into Dana's eager mouth.  Dana
stepped over Barbara's body all the while kissing and
caressing her roughly.  She turned on the vibrator and
guided it unseeingly down Barbara's body until she found the
spot she was aiming for.  She knew when she had reached it,
for the body beneath her arched its back.
     She withdrew from the kiss, but never said a word.  She
was no longer Dana, she was Aphrodite, the goddess of love.
She presented her "subject" with a wet smile, rubbing the
vibrator around the dark-haired mound, watching to see what
effect it was having.  She then leaned down and sucked the
reddened nipple she had been harshly fondling.  The breast
was firm beneath her tonguing, the nipple hard.  The aureola
was large in circumference and nearly as dark as Barbara's
brown eyes.  She sucked the breast hard and then lightly bit
it.  Barbara began thrashing on the bed at this treatment
but didn't verbally object.  The masked lover teased her
with the vibrator, dipping it in her now and again, but
mostly circling around the clitoris.  She then allowed it to
briefly come into contact with the clitoris, and Barbara
cried out, "Yes!"
     The teasing finally stopped as the vibrator was
inserted as fully as it would go and a tongue found its way
down to her dripping pussy.  The hum was nearly inaudible
now buried within her, but the feelings continued, and the
tongue and mouth eating her increased the sensation a
hundred-fold!  Barbara gave in to the sensations completely.
     In the back of her mind she smiled at the "rough"
treatment she had received at this masked creature's hands.
She had gone along with the little pinches and nibbles as
though they were truly painful, adding further ambience to
the scenario her neighbor seemed to be creating.  She was
delighted at the climax to the scene that Dana was playing
out.
     She also knew that the whirring noise in the background
was the lens of the camera focusing in and out.  'Mikey must
be getting all of this for posterity,' she thought.  She saw
Dana look back at the camera noise also, but she turned back
to her "work" with a smile on her face.  As her head dipped
back to where the vibrator was humming away within Barbara,
the feathers of the mask tickled Barb's tummy muscles.
     Mike zoomed in for some close-ups of the action Dana
was giving his wife.  He was entranced with the change that
had come over their new neighbor and wanted it on tape.  She
had come into their lives only the day before, and when he'd
first met her he had sensed a repressed sensuality.  That
night the four of them - he and Barb, Dana and Jimmy - had
broken through a few walls of reservation, but what was
playing out here was a quantum leap farther.  Dana had shed
her inhibitions like they were an old skin, and was acting
out some of her deepest fantasies.  For the moment Barbara
was the benefactor of this coming-of-age, but he was
determined to probe it for himself.
     Dana felt powerful behind the mask and wearing the
leather accessories.  Barbara was bound hand and foot to the
bed and was at her mercy - something she didn't plan to show
much of.  She had her "victim" writhing in ecstasy, and was
putting on as much of a show for the camera as she could.
She pulled her legs up so that she was eating Barbara from
all fours.  This made it easier to spread her own legs and
sway her ass right into the camera which was positioned
just to the side behind her.
     Eventually she reached back with one hand and began
masturbating into the lens.  The idea of this being on tape
for later perusal got her hot, and she really began getting
into it.  She pulled the vibrator out of Barbara, licked off
the juices with long strokes of her tongue, and then reached
it back to her own dripping slit.  Barbara began moaning
for her to finish what she had begun, but now Dana was too
caught up in the thrill of the buzzing in her own basement
to be attentive to Barbara's demands.  Mike finally came to
the rescue when he undid one of Barbara's wrists and handed
her one of the other, even larger vibrating dildoes.
     He then lay down on the bed next to his wife (who was
keeping herself quite busy, thank you) and presented his
body to Dana.  She then straddled his midsection and lowered
herself down, back to his face with her pussy wet and
waiting, onto his straining prick.  She didn't, however,
give up use of the vibrator on her swollen clitoris as she
moved up and down slowly on Mike's manhood.
     The sounds of 2 vibrators and a camera were drowned out
by the moans and sobs of the three on that bed.  Outside
Jimmy was pumping his juices into the warm mouth, his
fingers tightly entwined in her golden curls, of the nubile
girl.  She licked and sucked his engorged cock, trying to
take it all in and not miss a sticky drop.
     Inside Dana and Mike were hitting the heights of
passion as Barb about passed out in pleasure from Dana's
attentions followed up by her own.  The sounds both inside
and out finally abated, but the musky smell of sex lingered
on.
                              *********
--
Archive-name: 3plus/butter2.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 2


                           Chapter 2
                        "The Restaurant"

(Recap:  This is a continuing story about Jimmy and Dana, who are
newly moved into an adult swinging complex.  They have met Mike and
Barb, and Barb's teenaged niece.  After some indoor and outdoor
shenanigans, we pick up the scene at dusk...)

   Jimmy awoke later to the tune of "Happy Birthday" being sung by
Mike, Barb, and his wife.  The second thing he was aware of was that
he was lying on one of the lounge chairs on the patio without any
clothes on.  The third thing he became aware of was that his cheeks
had burned slightly in the late afternoon sun and were a bit tender.
   He sat up on the side away from the singers but facing the blonde
teenager who was drowsily awakening on the lounge chair next to his.
She too was equally naked, but her tan had evened out and didn't have
any redness from the exposure.  Tanya stretched and faced the singers
with a smile.
   At Jimmy's feet someone had placed his suit and robe, so he
quickly slipped them on and joined in the final words to the tune.
Dana had put her skimpy suit back on as well, but Barb was now
wearing a sexy French maid outfit and was carrying a cake with 19
candles on it.  When she leaned over to put it on the picnic table he
noticed that she wasn't wearing anything under the skirt.  She had on
high heels, a little bonnet on her dark tresses, and a grey skirt and
white blouse.  On her hands were white lace gloves, and sneaking out
from under the skirt were garters holding up black silk stockings.
The stockings ended, though, about 12 inches above her knees and from
there up it was nothing but smooth skin.
   Tanya looked a little embarrassed at the fuss being made on her
behalf, but came over to the table, closed her eyes for a moment, and
then blew out the candles.  Mike, himself in a robe also, came over
and gave her a hug.  Dana, Jimmy, and Barbara joined in and gave a
group hug.
   "Thank you," Tanya said when they had released her.  "This has
been my best birthday ever."  Her eyes were moist at the corners.
Mike slipped back into the condo for a moment and then came back with
an armful of presents.
   Dana leaned over to Barbara seated next to her at the picnic table
and whispered, "I wish we had known this was a birthday party.  We'd
have brought a present..." to which Barb replied, "Don't worry about
it, please.  You were the present."  She leaned over and gave Dana a
little kiss on the cheek and a wink, and Dana smiled in spite of her-
self.
   Mike insisted that she open the biggest box first, and when she
did she pulled out a satin dress the same deep green color as her
sparkling eyes.  "Oh Uncle Mike!  It's beautiful!  May I go and try
it on now?"  He nodded and she hurried inside, her pert breasts
bouncing with each step.  Barb began cutting the cake and dishing it
out to her guests.  Moments later Tanya returned and it was obvious
to all that her petite figure did the dress justice.
   "This will look great tonight - thank you both!" and she hugged
Barb and Mike in turn.  She then set about opening the rest of the
gifts - unwrapping high heeled shoes, black lacy lingerie, gold
dangly earrings, and a matching hair comb.  She pulled her hair up
on the one side and put the comb in place to hold it there.  She
added the earrings and she began to take on quite a mature look for
a teenager.
   The five chatted for a few minutes and then Tanya excused herself
to go and finish getting ready.
   Barb remarked, "She's made some friends around here her own age
and they are taking her to a club to celebrate tonight.
   "I want to thank you two for helping us celebrate with her here
today.  This is the first time in the year we've been having her at
our place that we've "shared" her with anyone.  We just knew that the
two of you were special, and I think it was a great day for her."
   Dana answered, "It may have been her birthday, but I think both
Jimmy and I are the ones who had a special day.  We're glad to have
met such kind people as you and Barb.
   "If Tanya is going out tonight," continued Dana, "would you two
like to go out to dinner with us?  Our treat."
   The four made plans to meet and go out a little later that
evening.  Tanya bounced back out while they were making their plans,
ready for a night on the town.  Her makeup highlighted her cheeks,
giving her the look of a top-flight model.  The silk green dress
clung to her lithe body with tantalizing tightness.  Her tanned legs
sported hose with black stripes down the back, and they ended in
petite feet nestled into her matching green high-heeled shoes.  She
gave each of the four a kiss, pivoted on one foot and was off for the
night.
   The four then finished their planning and Jimmy and Dana collected
their gear and said their goodbyes.
   Back in their own condo, surrounded by unpacked boxes, Jimmy
decided that their new place would have to wait a while longer to
receive the necessary attention.  They had other plans for this
night.  He was in the process of choosing what to wear when Dana
came back into the room, still wearing her thong bikini, and he
felt closer to her than ever.  He caught her eye and gave her a
smile.  She smiled back, slipped out of her suit, and walked over
into his arms.  They lay on the bed snuggling and sharing all over
again their experiences.  They talked and giggled, melding their
fantasies-come-true together.  Dana related about her Aphrodite scene
with Mike and Barb, and Jimmy told of his embarrassment at walking
around the patio in the buff, and of his experience with Tanya out
there.  They held each other, basking in the closeness of sharing
some of their deepest thoughts and feelings.
   Finally they decided they had better get dressed for the evening.
Jimmy found some khaki slacks and madras shirt with loafers, and Dana
put on a pair of calf-length tights and a cotton shirt with the tail
left out.  She had decided to wear nothing else under either.  The
tights were a pair she had bought that morning, and they lived up to
their name, hugging her to the point that they showed a bit of both
front and back cracks.  The shirt covered for the most part though.
   They went out to the pool and met Barb, who told them that Mike
was bringing his car around.  Barb looked ravishing in a leather
skirt, no stockings, and a bare-midrif top.  She had done her hair so
that it had lots of body.  She had added some make-up around her dark
eyes, giving them almost an oriental look that was very alluring.
The smooth swell of her bosom beneath her shirt reminded them both of
the fruits hidden beneath that they had so recently tasted.
   Dana recalled her time in the "play" room that afternoon and found
herself wishing to be back there with this gorgeous creature.
    A red TransAm pulled up at the open end of the pool where the
parking lot came closest and beeped its horn.  They piled in, Dana
and Jimmy squeezing into the close quarters of the back, and they
roared away.  "Where're we headed?" Jimmy directed to Mike.
   "The Goal Post Restaurant.  A friend of mine by the name of Tom
owns it, and they have pretty good food there.  Anyone hungry?"
   They all responded positively.  Dana and Jimmy held hands as
though they were back in their younger years double-dating.  The car
was a stick-shift and Mike had it humming and purring around the
corners and over the hills.
   Jimmy noticed that Barb had reached over and was handling Mike's
"stick shift," and looked to be wearing out the clutch.
   They arrived, nevertheless, safely and all headed into an attrac-
tive looking bistro.  The place was a bit noisy inside with TVs
placed frequently around the walls.  A crowd had begun arriving, an-
ticipating a fight later on the restaurant's closed-circuit channel.
They were ushered over to a table near the back.
    The decor of the place was most definitely sports-oriented, but
the tables had floor length table cloths, a candle inside a fancy
glass holder, and cloth napkins.
   They all ordered their meals and then fell to talking.   The men
continually found themselves glancing at the TV screens and got into
discussing the intricacies of the local city's football team's latest
defeat.  At one point, though, Jimmy noticed Barb lean over and whis-
per into his wife's ear, who nodded and smiled.
   Barb turned to look at the TV behind her and accidentally knocked
her purse onto the floor.  She leaned over to pick it back up, and
disappeared!  Then Dana's purse "accidentally" fell to the floor and
she too disappeared.  Jimmy heard giggling from under the table, and
something about "let's see 'em watch TV now..."  Then he felt hands
pulling his knees apart.  "They wouldn't!" he thought to himself, but
then he felt his zipper being lowered and knew that they would.  A
hand reached into his pants, and released his swiftly stiffening
muscle.  Glancing across the table told him that a similar fate was
falling to Mike as well.  The table cloth covered him from the waist
down, so he leaned back and gave himself over to his mystery woman
beneath the table.   Then he felt a wet tongue licking his penis like
a lollypop.  Long strokes up from the base to the tip.  Jimmy gripped
the table with one hand to hold himself still during this escapade.
The licks were getting harder, as was his cock, and then a moist
mouth wrapped itself firmly onto him.  He took his other hand and
grabbed the table.  The mouth began moving up and down, sucking as it
went.  Jimmy saw that Mike was leaning back, his eyes closed, arms
locked behind his head, looking rather content.  Out of curiosity he
let go of the table with one hand and lifted the cloth just a bit.
The dark head of hair near his lap told him that the two wives had
switched off.  Barbara was giving him a delicious blow-job, and his
wife Dana was doing the same to Mike right there in the middle of the
restaurant.  The idea of it sent shivers of added excitement up his
spine just as Barbara's tongue-lashing was sending shivers of
pleasure up his shaft.
   The lady knew her stuff, for she was able to begin getting him
really worked up, but then would slow down the pace and ease off the
pressure.  But eventually he felt that he was going to reach a point
of no return.
   Mike was now leaning over and gripping the sides of the table as
well.  Jimmy smiled across the table at him and suggested, "How's
about an arm wrestling match?" hoping that that would give him some
cover for the little moans that kept escaping his lips.
   "You bet, buddy!" Mike returned quickly.
   They locked hands across the table and began grunting and groaning
in an apparent stand-off.  Other patrons of the restaurant who were
standing and watching the TV in hopes that the big fight would come
on soon noticed the struggle and began congregating around their
table.  "Just what we need," grimaced Jimmy, "spectators."
   Under the table Barb heard the people beginning to root for the
men, but figured that the fight had come on the tube.  She figured
that as the noise increased she would be able to bring Jim to his
climax without undo notice.  She broke away from her mouth action and
whispered to Dana, "first one to get him off wins," and turned back
to what she had been doing.
   Dana took up the challenge and began pumping Mike's cock with her
hands while trying to engulf it with her mouth.  She and Jimmy had
done lots of oral sex, and 69 was her favorite position.  It allowed
them both to give and take simultaneously, and she preferred to
climax to Jimmy's tongue over his cock, but she wasn't picky about
it.
   But again she was reminded by the cock in her mouth that this
wasn't Jim's prick.  This was thicker, and filled her mouth more
fully than Jim's did.  Still, she was pretty adroit at getting one
down her throat without gagging, and that was what she tried now.
   The noise above the table had risen perceptibly, so she bobbed her
head on Mike's engorged manhood finally pumping his juices down her
throat.  He came a lot and she wasn't able to keep it all in her
mouth but she did her best, squeezing it at the base to force all of
it out.  Mike's rigid body finally relaxed and she heard a loud thump
on the table above her and a shout of triumph from Jimmy.  She
glanced back to see that Barbara was just now pumping him frantically
into her own mouth, so she knew that she had finished first.  She
turned back to her victory and finished licking the semen off his
deflating dick.  She tucked him back into his pants and zipped him
back up, and scooted over to help Barbara do the same.  When Jimmy
was all back together the two hugged in quiet glee at what they had
accomplished.  Barbara then gave her a kiss, and the taste of her
tongue was the flavor of Jimmy that she knew so well.  She returned
the kiss with a passion that surprised them both.  When they broke
apart Barbara whispered, "I have dibs on you for later," and then
scooted out from under the table.
   Mike saw his wife emerge from down below looking like the cat who
had eaten the canary.  Dana had gotten him off first, and when he
relaxed Jimmy had smashed his hand to the table, still tense with
anticipation.  That was a smart ruse for Jim to come up with, he
thought.  He then saw Dana emerge looking pretty happy with herself
as well.  The crowd has dispersed when the winner had been decided,
but he was just as content to have lost the match, especially before
anyone had caught on to the real reason for their body language.
Mike reached under the table, found Barb's knee, slid his hand up it
and under her skirt until he found her pubic mound.  He gave her a
quick caress and a silly grin and said, "The match we just had really
sucked!"
   Dana and Jim both broke out laughing, and the four went back to
their intimate dinner in the midst of a whole crowd of people.

--
Archive-name: 3plus/butter3.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 3


 (A quick recap:  Jimmy and Dana have moved into a new condo, and
 found that the neighborhood is quite the swinging one.  They've met
 Mike and Barbara, who've introduced them to some new sexual treats.
 In Chapter 2 they went out to dinner where the ladies gave them
 blow-jobs under the table.  Now they are near the end of dinner
 and...)


   The food was excellent, the conversation interesting, the ambience
just right.  Dana and Jim found that they were not just attracted to
this other couple, but found them to be worthwhile friends as well.
Jim admired Barbara's ability to let go, and to take on different
persona based on her makeup.  Earlier he had seen her as a sexy lady,
he'd heard from Dana about her getting into the role of victim, he'd
seen her dressed as a French maid, and now she had an oriental air of
mystery about her.
   Mike he saw quite differently.  This guy was an open and shut case
of hormones.  He knew what he wanted and let you know it without pre-
tenses.  But that was attractive also, because you knew exactly where
you stood with him.  Jim wondered a bit about Mike's display for his
own tush as well as the ladies', but then just figured to each their
own.
   Dana, too, was totally enjoying the evening.  She had begun their
relationship looking up to Barbara and her inhibitionless lifestyle,
but now was feeling more on a par with her - like a sister.  "Sisters
in crime," she thought to herself still a little exhilarated from
their little escapade under the table with each other's husbands.
   Mike was still entranced with this couple.  He and Barb had made
it with other couples before, but usually the thrill wore off
quickly, and he still found himself captured by Dana's
transformation.  She had been so shy when they first met, but the
seductive female across from him was no longer shy.  She was
exciting, she was alluring, she was...  He couldn't put his finger on
it, but she and Jim were more than just a quick thrill.  He enjoyed
being around them, and found that he was interested in the things
they said as well as in their bodies.  "Jim's
not bad either," he thought, "but only as a last resort."
   The end of the evening out came all too quickly, for the hours had
slipped past them without their notice.
   They piled back into the Trans Am and barreled back to the com-
plex.  The night air was warm but not stuffy.  They were returning
late to the condos and no one was around the pool.  Mike made an-
other joke and they all broke out laughing again, but then quickly
hushed as the sound echoed around the walls of the complex encircl-
ing the pool area.  There were only a few dim lights on around the
concrete, as well as the light from a few windows and from the half
moon above.  There were no lights on in the pool, but the water had
a transfixing glow reflecting the moon's beams.
   As they approached the pool to walk around it, Mike gave the nod
to Jim and they both "accidentally" bumped their wives into the
dark waters.
   The two came up spluttering and fussing.  "That wasn't funny!"
howled Barbara.  "Think what it'll do to my leather skirt!"
   Jimmy remarked, "It couldn't shrink any.  It'd disappear!"
   Mike added, "Don't you think it was worth it, though, as a payback?
We had to do SOMETHING in return for that scene in the restaurant, or
you'd have questioned our manhood."
   "That was never in doubt," replied Dana.  She stood up in the
shallow end, and her cotton shirt clung to her heaving breasts in a
most pleasing way.  Her auburn hair was slicked back and she looked
most fetching in the moonlight.  Barbara, on the other hand, looked
more like a drenched little kitten.
   "Jimmy, would you help me out?" Dana asked her husband.
   "Sure thing, wetcakes," and he reached a hand down to pull her
out.  As she grasped the proffered hand she braced her foot against
the side of the pool and pulled back, sending him to a similar soggy
fate.
   Mike rolled his eyes, took two steps forward and jumped in also.
Both husbands found their wives and some wet kisses ensued.
   Jimmy floated Dana over to the steps as he kissed her deeply,
mingling his tongue with hers.  He sat her down on the next to top
step and began kissing his way down, giving particular attention to
her ear lobes and neck.  His hands were unbuttoning her soaked shirt
and soon released her breasts.  She gave a slight shiver as he began
to cup and caress them, her nipples hard against his hand.  She
put her own hand on the back of his and together they massaged and
stroked her large globes.  She felt a wetness begin inside her that
she knew was not from the pool's waters.  Then as his one hand
squeezed a tit, his mouth latched onto it and his other hand worked
its way down to her crotch.  Her tights were little hindrance to his
hands motions, and she spread her legs as far apart as they would go
to facilitate his actions.  She leaned her head back and arched her
back and began squeezing her other tit with her free hand, still
helping him work on her other breast with the other hand.
   He then stopped stroking her pussy through the tights to loosen
and pull free of his pants and underpants.  His loafers were already
floating in the pool a few feet away.  He reached with both hands
down to her crotch, and taking a small piece of fabric in his fingers
pulled it apart to leave a small rip there.  He then lifted her legs
up over his shoulders so that she was sitting in a jackknife position
on the second step of the pool, and guided his cock in through the
hole in her spandex into the waiting twat.  She braced herself with
her elbows on the top step and wiggled slightly to take him in as far
as she could.
   Dana was in heaven.  The combination of good food, good friends,
a moonlit night, the warm waters of the pool, and her husband filling
her pussy with his thrusting cock all made for the perfect evening.
   She looked past her husband to see Barbara sitting on the edge of
the pool, her legs wide apart, and Mike standing in the water with
his face buried in her muff.  The water glistened on her upturned
breasts, the nipples pointing straight up at the moon.
   Jimmy was pumping away when he noticed that they were not alone.
A red head had walked up to the two of them, not a stitch of clothing
on, and stepped past the two of them to walk down the steps into the
pool.  His concentration was broken, but she walked away just a
couple of feet, turned, and smiled at him.  She had large hips, long
legs, smooth skin, well-rounded breasts, and a very tiny waist.  Her
red hair was teased out and her teeth practically glowed in the dark
they were so white.
   "Please," she urged, "don't stop what you were doing so well."
   Jimmy didn't know where this vision had come from, but he decided
that she had the right idea, so he removed Dana's ankles from behind
his neck, spread her legs wide and thrust repeatedly.  The voyeur
just stood there watching, now and then licking her lips.  Dana
turned her head to look deeply into the other woman's twinkling eyes,
seeing that she was enjoying this vicariously almost as much as she.
Then a moan escaped her lips as Jimmy began the final strokes of
their lovemaking.  She reached back and clamped her fingers onto his
ass, pulling him into her.  His muscles tensed to almost rock hard-
ness as his cock spasmed into her, and her own fire reached a peak
at the same time.  Another moan found its way past her lips as she
climaxed simultaneously.  Through her barely opened eyes she saw the
redhead's arms moving in the water in a way that couldn't be anything
else but masturbation.  Jimmy gave her a final kiss and then rolled
off her to the side away from the onlooker.  Having a "strange" woman
watching him make love to his wife out in public had fulfilled
another of his fantasies.
   Dana looked over her shoulder and saw a muscular, very athletic
looking young black man rise up from a lounge chair nearby and walk
toward the steps.  He had obviously also been watching, and he, too,
was naked.  Dana caught her breath as she began to pick out the man's
penis.  It was hard to see in the little bit of moonlight
illuminating the scene, but as he approached she noticed that he was
enormous!
   He brushed past the two sitting on the steps and waded over to the
redhead.  He pulled her to him and gave her a deep kiss, grasping her
breast with one hand and rubbing it vigorously.
   Just then Jimmy and Dana were aware that Mike and Barb had swum up
to them.  "That's Eric and Sigourney," Mike whispered to them.  "They
are part of the Moon Crew.  Watch this."
   "The Moon Crew - what's that?" Dana whispered back.
   Barb leaned over and explained, "That's the unofficial name of the
folks who are out here regularly in the evenings, when it's warm
enough and when there's enough moonlight to see by.  Look."  And she
motioned around the pool, where there were indeed many other couples
frolicking in the moonlight.
   "This wasn't mentioned in the brochure," Jimmy observed verbally,
and then went back to observing visually the scene unfolding before
them.
   Eric had been amply endowed by his maker, and knew just what to do
with it.  "Bend over woman," her ordered.
   "Yessir," she replied, and hastily pulled away and leaned over the
pool's edge.  She laid her head on her arms facing the audience of
four on the pool's steps.  Her breasts were pressed against the con-
crete and smooshed out the sides.
   Eric reached down and spread her legs apart and began to run his
dark hands over her protruding buttocks.  She just closed her eyes
and smiled.  Soon his massages had himself excited as well, because
they noticed his appendage poking up through the water to a point
level with his belly button.  He stroked between her legs, and then
he aimed his horse-size wang towards Sigourney.  He placed the tip
against her opening, and then began to slowly push inside her.  Dana
winced at the thought of having to take in such an amount of cock,
and her sympathies went to the redhead.  Sigourney was biting her
lower lip as she braced herself against the side of the pool.  Then
she let out a slight scream as Eric pushed in harder.
   Now he was about half the way in and Dana wondered how much more
Sigourney could take.  Eric reached his hands down and pulled her
cheeks apart, took a breath, pulled his monstrous cock out about an
inch, and then rammed it in her up to his pubic hair.  She gave an
involuntary gasp that was almost a gag, but then settled down com-
fortably onto the pavement and waited for him to give her a ride.
   "She must have had him before," Jimmy whispered in awe.  "She must
have had him before."
   "They've been together since last summer," Barb explained, "and
are quite regular moon crew participants."
   The couple before them, black-skinned Eric with his athletic
physique, and pale skinned Sigourney with her red hair and long
legs, just began to screw with a passion.  He started slow thrusts
that came out just a little farther each time.  After about the
twentieth thrust he was pulling out almost to his head, and then
would ram the whole twelve inches back into her.  For her part
Sigourney was laying her torso on the pavement, had reached back with
both hands, and was pulling her ass and the top of her silky legs a-
part for him to easily fill her.  And fill her he did!  Dana wondered
how she wasn't choking - it seemed he was probably filling her up to
the throat, but from the other end.
   Then without even looking their way Eric called over, "One of you
guys come over here."
   "Is he talking to us?" asked Jimmy.
   "I think he is," Barbara whispered back.  "He's been known to go
both ways."
   "NOW!" Eric demanded, and looked over at them.
   "You go Mike," pleaded Jimmy, "I'm just new to this scene, and I'm
not much for the A/C D/C stuff."
   "Well, alright.  I guess someone has to do it."  And Mike splashed
on over to him.
   "Back door, man."  'Nuff said.
   Mike pumped himself up, grabbed Eric around the waist with his
left arm, and guided his cock into Eric's gluteus with the right.  It
was a very tight squeeze, but Mike wasn't about to give up.  With a
lot of wiggling back and forth and an ample amount of pushing he
finally worked his way in.  The three looked like a reverse Oreo
cookie, with Mike and Sigourney as the sandwich and Eric as the dark
middle.  Barbara moved up behind Jimmy and straddled him from behind
where he sat on the top step.  She hugged his back, and then snaked
an arm around his waist and found his crotch.  She languidly began to
play with his prick and rub her breasts into his back.
   Just then Tanya returned from her night out and caught sight of
them in and near the pool.  She  came over and took in the scene of
Mike doing Eric doing Sigourney.  "Looks like the Moon Crew is into
it full-swing."  She pulled her green satin dress up and over her
shoulders to reveal the black lingerie Mike and Barb had given her
as a gift that afternoon.  The bra was low cut and revealed half of
her nipples.  Her stockings were topped  by a black g-string panty.
Her blonde hair shone in the moonlight, and her high heels were the
antithesis at the other end.  She kicked off her shoes, undid her
hose and rolled them down, but left her bra and panties on.
   She walked over to the steps and asked Dana to sit up on the
top step next to Jimmy.  She still had one of her high heeled shoes
in her hand, and sat down behind Dana in the same position that
Barbara was behind Jim.
   She set the shoe down next to her, reached around under Dana's
arms and cupped her large breasts firmly in each hand.  She tweaked
her nipples playfully, but then pulled her back so that her head
leaned back against her shoulder.  Dana let herself go in the loving
care of the young blonde, who kissed her deeply, all the while  con-
tinuing to kneading and stimulating her heaving breasts.  Tanya's
tongue hungrily probed her mouth, and her own firmly pert breasts
became excited by the feel of Dana's smooth skin leaning back against
her.  Dana's cunt began to flow again, so with one hand she reached
up and cupped Tanya's cheek but with the other she began to play with
herself.
   Jimmy was just leaning back against Barbara who was giving him a
slow and wet hand job, using pool water now and then to keep things
slippery.
   Mike was trying to keep up with Eric's thrusting into Sigourney,
but he couldn't match his lasting power and finally shot his wad.
Eric continued to pump the redhead and Mike quickly withdrew, his
prick at the sensitive stage where such vigorous action was too much
for him to take.  Eric sneered over his shoulder at him and then put
his concentration back on the pale woman he was trying to split apart
with his log of a cock.
   Tanya then took her black high-heeled shoe with her outside hand
and "walked" it down Dana's body starting at her shoulder.  As she
passed the breast she allowed the heel to step down a little harder
which caused Dana to catch her breath.  The shoe then worked its way
down her tight belly muscles until finally the toe pointed into her
brunette bush.  Tanya wiggle it around and into place so that the
point of the shoe was right up against Dana's clit, and she used
the shoe then in circular motions.  Dana gripped Tanya's arm to con-
firm her acceptance of this activity and her other hand pulled the
blonde teenager's head even closer to hers for a deeper kiss.  Tanya
continued to work her way around the little knob and Dana's taut body
began twitching and jerking with the pleasure of it.  Who'd have
thought a shoe could do this to her she wondered.
   Dana was nearly oblivious with delight when the rubbing stopped
briefly and then she felt herself being penetrated.  It didn't feel
like a stiff dick, but was a fuck of a different color.  She glanced
down to see if Tanya was fingering her and saw instead that the
shoe's heel was deep within her.  Then the bottom of the shoe made
contact with her clit and the combination of the two sensations,
within and without, sent her over the edge.  She sucked Tanya's
tongue as hard as she could as waves of achingly deep pleasure rolled
over her.  She knew nothing else in the world except these:  the
throbs inside her where the heel moved in and out, the center of her
pleasure where the she "stepped" on her button, the thick tongue
filling her mouth, and the warm hand squeezing her breast.
   Soon the waves slowed and then their intensity decreased to the
point where she felt she could breathe again.  She had had an
incredible series of climaxes and they had worn her out.  She nestled
back between Tanya's upturned bra-clad breasts and looked over at
Jimmy.  What she saw was that Jimmy had leaned all the way back at
the top of the steps and Barbara had leaned all the way over him so
that they formed a 69.  Jimmy was lapping her dark haired pussy with
relish, and she was licking and sucking his cock alternately.
Barbara was squat-ting over Jimmy's face so that she was able to rise
up out of his reach now and then.  His one hand was fingering her
ass, and she seemed to enjoy it.
   Dana finally decided to shimmy out of her tights, but decided that
she would take needle and thread to the hole Jimmy had ripped into
their crotch.  They had served their purpose and she wasn't about to
throw out such "helpful" pants.  Tanya took the hint and released her
tits from their lacy enclosure, but left her black g-string panties
on.
   A small crowd of about a dozen had gathered to watch the spectacle
of Eric plowing his mighty wang into the tight field between Sigour-
ney's legs.  He seemed to be able to go on forever and each deep
thrust looked like it ought to drive her through the pool wall.  No
one was paying particular attention to Jim's bucking motions as he
squirted what little cum he had left within his body into Barbara's
sucking mouth.
   Sigourney's visage was showing the strain of the fuck of fuck's
she was enduring, and soon she began gasping and moaning little pleas
for him to please finish.  Eric just grinned and drove in harder.
Surely she would split if he didn't climax soon.
   Her pleas became more intense and finally with a grunt of satis-
faction Eric pulled her hips tightly against his dark thighs and all
could tell that his piston was pumping of its own accord.  Some of
the women looked on in sympathy, but most looked on in jealousy.
Sigourney's look of rapture showed that she was filled and fulfilled.
   Tanya gave a few claps and Eric looked over at her, took in her
golden tresses, her model's features, her youthful nubile body, and
gave her a wink.
   Jimmy sat up and saw that the clapping was not for his performance
with the sultry Barb, but was for the herculean efforts of Eric and
Sigourney.  He saw that the couple had gone back to various spots
around and in the pool and re-engaged in their moonlit lovemaking.
He stretched and yawned, gave Barb a peck on the cheek, reached over
and pulled Dana to her feet by the hand.
   "I'm beat, Hon.  Let's say we call it a day."
   Dana agreed, so they collected their pieces of clothing from in
and around the pool, put on enough for modesty (although they were
the only ones out there concerned about that), gave Barb, Mike, and
Tanya a kiss and headed for their own place.
   Around the pool the Moon Crew continued to frolic and cavort.
Barb and Mike helped Tanya gather her things up and headed back to
their own apartment.  Once there Tanya related some of her evening's
activities with her friends.  They had gone to dinner and then to a
club for dancing.  She enjoyed their company, but only for dancing.
   Tanya thanked her aunt and uncle for her birthday, and especially
for the gift of introducing her to Jimmy and Dana.  She said that she
had had one of her deepest fantasies come true by having both Jimmy
and Mike at the same time.  "There is the question still hanging,
though, of how many men I can "accommodate" at once.  Two is nice, I
found out today, but it's still not a handful."
   Barbara couldn't help herself and added, "And that's saying a
mouthful!"
   "Yes," agreed Tanya with a grin, "there is that, too."
   "Well, there's always tomorrow," Mike concluded.  "Now young lady
it's off to bed for you."
   The couple headed for their room to sleep off an exhausting day,
but instead of going to the third bedroom where her things were,
Tanya ducked into the "play" room.  She looked over the assortment of
devices, masks, dress-up articles of clothing, and lubricants and
began making plans for the morrow.  After about 5 minutes she had her
plan set and smiled to herself in anticipation.  Won't Barb and Mike
be surprised, she thought.  She picked up a large dark dildo and
headed to her own room.
   Once there she pleasured herself with thoughts about what she had
seen Eric doing in the pool that night as well as with what she had
planned for the next day.  Finally exhaustion overcame her and she
drifted off into slumber, the dildo clutched tight and snuggled in-
between her supple breasts.
                        *******************
--
Archive-name: 3plus/butter4.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 4


                              Chapter 4
                          "Ride 'Em Cowboy"

[Recap:  Jimmy and Dana have moved into a swinging adult complex.  Since
 moving in they have become good friends in very intimate ways with their
 neighbors Mike and Barbara.  We pick up the story now from a somewhat
 different direction.]


   About 30 miles away from the adult condo complex, tucked up high in
the mountains, was a sports camp.  It was a well run place, with
training in a number of different sports for youngsters in elementary
school up through high school.  There was a large gymnasium for bas-
ketball, gymnastics, and swimming.  There were multiple outdoor facil-
ities for football, soccer, and baseball.  The camp was run for both
genders, there being a good deal of mixing of the genders in most of the
sports.
   Tommy had been coming to the month-long summer camp for almost as
long as he could remember, and now was in the 10th grade.  He was a
soccer fanatic, and was quite proficient in the sport, having been
picked to the all-state squad in Junior High.
   But he had just finished his second year of High School, and had
made the varsity squad.  He wasn't first string, but had been knocking at
that door, and knew that with those seniors who had graduated gone he
would be a valuable player the coming year.  He had come with all his
attentions focused on improving his game during this month of camp.
   That had been his intention upon arrival.  But then he'd seen
Kelly.  Little shrimpy Kelly from across the county, who'd been
attending the camp only a year less than he.  Brace-faced, straight-
haired, scrawny and quiet; that had described Kelly just the past
summer.
   But Kelly had changed this past year.  Her braces were off
revealing perfectly straight, dazzling white teeth set within a
cute mouth.  She had purchased contact lenses and had her
hair styled.  Where her gymnastic leotard had shown practically
nothing the year before, now it showed off some very nice curves.
Her gymnastics uniform revealed a blooming chest, a tiny waist, and
curvy hips.  Her laugh came out naturally, not forced at all, and
her brown eyes sparkled especially (he was sure) when she looked at him.
   Tommy didn't know if this was love, but he sure knew it was at
least lust.  Every moment he had free he spent watching Kelly prac-
tice, and when he wasn't free he was thinking about her.  He had
had girlfriends in the past, but nothing to write home about.
Kelly, though, made his blood boil as no other girl ever had.
   And for her part, Kelly felt a new confidence around Tommy that
she hadn't in the past years.  She had become quite good in the
field of gymnastics, specializing in the free exercise event to the
point where she had actually won that category in a varsity meet the
previous year.  Her all-around was still lacking, but it was coming
along well, and the confidence she had gained in gymnastics had
carried over into her social life.  She was no longer shy and awkward
around boys but could hold her own in a conversation without becoming
self-conscious. She had seen Tommy hanging around the gym when he could've been
horsing around with his soccer buddies, and she knew that it was she he
was interested in.  She had had a boyfriend the past year, but one of
her own grade, and she hadn't let him get past second base.  He had
been nice enough, but didn't really know what he was doing at the
theatre the time she'd let him feel inside her blouse.  He ended up
with more of a handful of her bra than of her, and she had left the
movie feeling cheated somehow.
   But Tommy was older, and was likely to be more experienced with girls.
They had been away from home only a week, but she enjoyed being on
her own and making her own decisions.  Thinking about Tommy had begun
to occupy much of her thoughts.
                           ****************
   Dana and Jim got a call the next morning from Barbara inviting them
to go horseback riding.  The two of them still had a couple of days to
finish unpacking before Jim's new job kicked in, but Mike had gone
back to work at the television station that morning.  Barbara was there
with Tanya, but Tanya had informed her that she had other plans for the
day before attending the night's concert that she had visited for.
   Dana checked with Jimmy who heartily agreed, and they made plans
to meet late that afternoon to go for the ride.  That way they could
unpack more and still go riding.
                           ****************
   That afternoon Tommy had a scrimmage and scored two of his team's
three goals.  He was feeling pretty good, and enjoyed the adulation of
his teammates.  Most wanted to hang out at the snack bar and get pizza
after the game, but he begged off.  He wanted to see Kelly at her gym-
nastic meet.  She had told him that she had added something into her
free-exercise routine just for him.
   He showered, put on some shorts and other warm weather clothes, and
headed for the gym.  The stands were mostly empty, but the floor was
cluttered with girls, coaches, and judges participating in an organ-
ized chaos.  There were little youngsters walking the beam, running
down the floor to hurl themselves over the horse, swinging on the
uneven bars, tumbling on the mats, and walking around in huddled
giggling groups.
   Tommy finally saw Kelly chatting with the older team members on
the far side of the floor, so he found a place half way up in the stands
to watch.  Over the next hour she did her uneven bar routine, but fell
off once.  Then she did the balance beam, and he marveled at her
ability to stay on while doing flips.  Finally she took the floor for
her free-exercise routine.
  He noticed that her leotards were cut a little higher than most of
the other girls', and showed a good bit of her cheeks as she did her
different routines.  But even before she began he saw her hike the
back up just a little more and glance up his way.  He leaned forward
in anticipation of her performance.
   The music began and she did a tumbling routine diagonally across
the floor that included some impressively fast flips and twists.  When
she landed the music went into a flowing classical piece and her move-
ments matched.  She had a good bit of dance included in the routine,
and some of it had her laying on the floor, rolling and spinning to
the music.  After another quick twisting run of flips the music became
sassy and she launced into another part of her choreography.
   As the jazzy music concluded she paused, looked his way, shimmied
her hips, blew him a kiss, and went into her final series of tumbles
and acrobatics.  The crowd saw her actions as just part of the routine
that showed her "personality," but Tommy knew that he was included in
her thoughts as she had designed her program.
   When she finished there was a smattering of applause from the few
spectators in the gym, not the least of which came from Tommy.  She had
him mesmerized with her gymnastics, and was flattered that she could find
a way to work him into her routine.  She received lots of hugs from the
other girls on her team, and then she headed up the stands to where he
sat.
   "What did you think?" she asked shyly.
   "You were great!" he replied enthusiastically.  "Your routine had me
amazed, and I think I got a kiss in the middle of it."
   Kelly just looked down and nodded her head.
   There was a brief awkward pause, and then he changed the subject.
"Hey, do ya want to go for some food?"
   "Sure.  Just let me get changed and I'll be right out."  She
leaned forward and gave him a kiss on the cheek and then bounced on
down the stands towards the locker room.  She waited outside the door
until her score flashed up indicating she had won the gold.  She had to
postpone her shower to receive the medal, and finally headed into the
locker room amidst her jubilant teammates.
   About ten minutes later she reappeared carrying a tote bag, and
looking very fresh.  Her sandy blonde hair was pulled back into a
ponytail, and she wore sneakers, a very short stretch skirt and a neon
green bare-midriff cut-off T-shirt.  The shirt would have really drawn
attention to her blossoming chest, except for the fact that her skirt
really hugged her little derrier.  While he stood there trying to take in
her upper and lower curves simultaneously, she grabbed him by the hand and
headed him out into the warm evening toward the snack bar.
                           ****************
   Jim and Dana met Barbara about 3 o'clock that day and drove their
sedan out of the city to a horse farm in the foothills of the moun-
tains about 30 miles away.  Dana had packed a picnic dinner, and they
pulled up to the riding stables around 4 p.m.  Barbara was an experienced
rider and was outfitted for the task.  She had on tight fitting brown
riding pants, knee-high leather boots, and a cotton plaid shirt with
bandana around her neck.  Jimmy again thought about the many personas this
woman could exhibit.  He and Dana had on jeans and comfortable shirts.
   Barbara showed them how to saddle the horses, joking all the while
about their mounts being hung like horses.
   They carefully tied the bag with their picnic dinner to Barbara's
saddle, and then she led them across the meadow toward the beckoning
hills.
   Dana's horse was named Thunder, which she was not informed of until
they had already begun their ride.  She wasn't very sure of herself
with a beast this size and it sensed it.  Thunder took off toward the
path most familiar, and Jimmy and Barbara had to dig in hard to keep
up.  Once under the coolness of the trees her horse slowed to a trot,
and she breathed a sigh of relief.
   Jimmy and Barb came up beside her on the wide path laughing, and
she sheepishly returned theirs with a grin of her own.  They relaxed
in their saddles and enjoyed the time out in the beauty of nature.
   The sun shone a little lower through the green trees, and after
about an hour of Barbara taking them on miles of paths that she knew, they
finally reined in at a shady spot a ways off of the path.  She dismounted
and led her horse back even farther into a little glade.  Jimmy and Dana
stiffly dismounted and followed her, their inner thighs feeling the strain
and chafing of the ride.
   Barbara spread out a blanket after tying up her horse, and laid
out the victuals they had brought.  Her new neighbors joined her, and
with a pop they began their repast with a bottle of bubbly.  They then
dove into the cold-cuts and bread, apples and carrots with a gusto
brought on by a combination of fresh air and healthy exercise.
   After their small feast they laid back and rested, Dana's head on
Barbara's lap and Jimmy up against the nearby tree.  They talked about
the ride and the day, and swatted at the flies that had gathered
during their meal.  After a while the little flies began to really bug
them.
   Barbara had been playing with Dana's brown hair, and mentioned,
"You know, there's a little stream near here that pools up just enough
to dip in.  Anyone interested in getting away from these bugs with a
little swim?"
   And before either could really answer she moved out from under Dana
and began unbottoning her blouse.  She shucked off her boots, peeled
her riding pants down off of her legs, and skipped off down deeper
into the woods wearing only her bandana.  Jimmy smiled and began peeling
off his own clothes.
   Dana hadn't undressed at all when Jimmy finally looked up at her
in his bikini underwear.  "Do you think anyone else is around?" she asked
timidly.  Her hesitation reminded him that she had only shed many of
her inhibitions recently and wasn't ready to just dive into any
and everything.
   "We are pretty far away from civilization, and even pretty far off
of the beaten path.  Tell you what.  Keep your underwear on like a
bathing suit, and if you feel comfortable when you get there you can
take 'em off.  Otherwise you're at least out there with something on."
   She agreed and stripped down to her black panties and lace brassiere.
Feeling like a modern Adam and Eve, Jimmy led his wife down the path where
the proverbial serpent had disappeared.  They found her a few yards into
the woods, only her head showing above the waterline of the pool.  She was
in the buff in a creek that had pooled near some rocks, and it was obvious
by her pointed nipples just below the surface that the water was cold.
   Jimmy slipped his shorts off, took a deep breath, and jumped in
beside her.  "Whoa!" he splutterd.  "That'll put hair on your chest!"
Then he looked at Barb and added, "Well, hopefully not yours."
   Dana was still holding back, but after looking around and seeing
how isolated they were, at the continued urging of the two cold bathers
she unhooked her bra, stepped out of her panties, and slipped
down into the pool.  Goose bumps showed all over her, but the water
felt refreshing after the hot sweaty ride and filling meal.  She
found a place to sit on a rock and leaned back to let the swirling
waters play over her chilled skin.  She opened her legs and let the
cold water numb her all under as well.
   Despite the chilly waters Jimmy was excited by the whole adventure.
He leaned back and let his pecker poke back up into the warm air.
Barb pushed away from the edge and explored the little pool to its
far edges.  Finally the three couldn't stand the temperature and found
their way back to the little glade where their blanket and horses
were.  Still in the buff, they used their clothes to dry each other
off, and then laid their wet duds in a spot of sunshine to dry.
   Jimmy still hadn't lost his hard on, and Barbara gave it a little
extra attention while drying him off.  "Let me warm you up a little
more," she cooed, and wrapped her warm mouth around the cooled skin
of his cock.  The warmth spread like a fever through his body, and
kneeling with the dark haired beauty sucking him out in the fresh
air with his wife looking on felt too good to be real.
   Dana decided to help warm him up also, so she snuggled up to his
back and pressed her large breasts into his back and gripped his buns
with her hands.
                           ****************
   Tommy and Kelly headed for the snack bar, and joined some of the
older kids of the camp in eating the pizza the place specialized in.
Often Tommy heard Kelly laughing so naturally that he had to join in
himself.  She had lost the awkwardness he remembered her having the
summer before.  The neon green T-shirt kept drawing his attention, and
he was turned on by the swell of her breasts that stretched the
fabric.  He looked with appreciation at her petite form that curved
appealingly at the waist and hips into tanned legs that he began
fantasizing would someday wrap themselves around him.  Her stomach
was exposed below the cut-off shirt, and her navel sat amidst
tight stomach muscles that led down into a skirt that wrapped around
and outlined her perky buttocks.  He remembered those cute cheeks peeking
out from under her leotards earlier, the curve of her back, and the strong
shoulders set at the top.  Yes, this little girl had begun growing up -
she had a ways to go, but the distance traveled so far was more than she
had remaining.
   Kelly smiled at him again, and her brown eyes caught his for more
than either had intended.  He held her gaze and for both the pizza shack
seemed to go completely silent, although everyone's lips were still
moving.  Electricity flowed between them, and both felt it all over.
   Finally Tom invited Kelly to walk him back to the gym.  He had
some plans to meet the guys later, but once they began the trek there
he changed his mind and suggested that they take a walk in the woods.
Kelly quickly agreed, so they struck out onto a path that led into the
inviting privacy of the woods.
   They walked and talked, and lost all sense of time.  Their hands
had naturally clasped as they walked along, and they talked of their
dreams and goals in their respective sports.  The trail wound up hills
and down, and as the sun began its final descent below the trees they
stopped to catch their breath before heading back.
   Tommy found a log and they both sat down to rest.  Rest, though,
was the last thing on Tom's mind, and he drew Kelly to him. She
looked up at him and saw desire written on his face.  She turned her
body in towards his and their lips met in a tender kiss.  They finally
parted, but the sensation lingered sweetly.  Kelly felt a spark kindle
deep inside, and she licked her lips and kissed him again to fan that
spark.
   The heat between them grew and Tom reached behind her and under the
loose hanging shirt to unclasp her brassiere.  She withdrew long
enough to wiggle out of it while still wearing the neon green shirt.
They kissed and Tommy's free hand wandered now under the front of her
shirt to caress her warm breasts.  The flame burned hotter within Kelly
and her own hands roamed over, up, and down his muscular back.  She
discovered that she was beginning to get wet between the legs and the
musky scent permeated the air.
   Tommy lifted her shirt and kissed his way down to her breasts.  He
tongued and suckled each, finding that they were more than a mouthful
apiece.  She ran her fingers through his hair and pulled him into her
to keep him latched onto each nipple as long as possible.
   After stimulating her aplenty he looked up into her dark eyes and
whispered, "I want you."  She nodded and reached into her purse for a
condom.  "Here, use this," she coyly suggested, though she was prac-
tically aching for him to take her.
   Just as he arose to take his pants off there was a loud noise down
in the woods below them.  They froze for a moment, both imagining that
someone had followed them out into the woods.  The moment passed, but
they knew that the noise hadn't been natural to the forest, so Tommy
beckoned Kelly to follow him.  They tip-toed in the general direction
that they had heard the noise.
   They climbed a little rise and stopped at the top behind a large
oak.  Tommy peeked around it and gaped at what he saw.  Kelly tugged
on his arm and he finally pulled back.  "I don't think we're the only
ones out here," he understated.
   "Let me see," Kelly whispered, so he stepped aside while she
stepped up to the tree and peeked around it.
   There in an open glade were 3 people in the buff about 20 yards
away.  There was a dark haired woman with a large set of tanned
breasts sucking the cock of a well-built blonde man.  Kelly could
not tell the color of the other woman's hair as her head was mostly
hidden between the legs of the dark haired woman.  She was obviously
eating her out.  Kelly had never seen oral sex being performed of
either variety and couldn't help but stare for a minute.  Finally she
felt Tommy leaning up against her to peek over her head.
   "Ever seen anything like it?"
   Kelly was mesmerized by seeing adults copulating out in public
and only could shake her head "no."  The two of them watched as
the big-breasted woman licked the man's dick up and down repeatedly.
They saw the man's eyes closed in ecstasy as he ran his fingers
through her hair.  Now and then she would look up at him and smile,
but he was mostly oblivious to this.  Even at this distance they
could hear him oohing in delight.  Then she began eating him with
gusto, allowing him to sink his meat down her throat until his
pubic hair must have tickled her nose.  And yet she would hold him
down her throat for a good five seconds each of his thrusts before
letting him withdraw.
   Kelly heard an unzipping sound and felt Tommy rustling around next
to her.  "Shhh," she admonished him, "they might hear us and stop.  I
want to see this."
   Finally Tommy stopped moving around, but then Kelly felt her skirt
being lifted up and over her tush.  She remembered that she had doffed
her panties a few moments before when sitting on the log and now was
as exposed, from the waist down, as the people she was watching.
   Tommy's hand slid up the back of her leg and his fingers reached under
her cheeks to begin playing with her pussy.  "Tommy!" he whispered as
loudly as she dared.  "What are you doing?!"
   "Shhh!  They might hear you and stop," he reminded her, "and I want
to see this."
   The "this" he wanted to see, though, she thought was not what was
going on in the meadow.  Her initial jitters subsided, and as she
watched the three going at it down below her own juices began to flow.
She stepped back with her feet while still holding around the tree to
lean over and watch the show in the meadow.  Then she spread her feet
apart, and Tommy's fingers found her slippery slit.  He slid a finger in
and she had to close her own eyes at the warm and wonderful feeling it
gave.  She wiggled her little ass some to help him reach further in, which
he did.  His other hand reached around her waist and slid its way up
her belly until it caressed her left breast.  She was sure that the
beating of her heart would give her away that she was a bit scared,
but a whole lot excited.
   The hand feeling her up withdrew briefly, but she could hear him
licking the juice from his finger.  He then reached back down there
again and used her pussy fluid to lubricate her clitoris and massage
it.  She gripped the tree harder and thought that she would leave
permanent finger marks on it.  Pleasure began flooding her nervous
system, and moans began escaping her lips.
   "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes," she quietyl quivered as her pussy flowed
juices out onto the finger Tommy was using so adeptly on her.
   She realized that she was still clutching the condom she had taken
from her purse earlier, so she reached back and offered it to him,
urging him to put it on and put it in quickly.
   Tommy needed little urging to get himself ready.  He shucked his pants
and underwear, unrolled the latex rubber over his stiff member and guided
it towards her wet cunt.  He gripped her small cheeks, parted them
further, and eased the tip of his shielded dick into her.  She was well
lubricated, and had lost her hyman years ago due to her gymnastic
pursuits, but still she was a virgin and her love canal was unused to this
activity and gave tight resistance.
   Tommy continued to peer over Kelly's head at the threesome going
at it in the forest glade, but he hardly needed more inspiration than
seeing his cock ever-so-slowly sinking into the little blonde.
He finally felt her ass cheeks up against his hips, and heard her
moans escaping between her tightly closed lips.  He gripped her
petite waist and began to slowly pump her from behind.
   He was not very experienced at prolonging the situation and soon
began feeling spasms as he moved in and out of her tight box.  He
gripped hard and pushed in as far as he could go.  Kelly was nearly
choking from the sensation, and trying to keep silent was more than
she could manage and a small yelp escaped her lips.  She looked up
to see if the love trio had heard her, but they were so engrossed in
what they were doing that they were oblivious to anything else.
                           ****************
   Barbara was now on her side engulfing Jimmy's dong, while Jimmy had
moved over to eat his wife Dana.  Dana was still lapping and probing
at Barbara's snatch to complete the ring.
                           ****************
   Tommy noticed a quick flash of light off to his right, but
attributed it to the sun giving its last gasp off of some water-
soaked leaves.  He and Kelly finally fell back from the tree she had
been propping herself up with and snuggled on the mossy bank below it.
Tommy rolled off the condom part way and slipped the rest of it off.
Kelly took her panties and wiped him off until clean, and then leaned
over to kiss him on the mouth.  It was a deep and penetrating kiss
that was wet and exciting.  Kelly was obviously still up for more,
and the urgency of her kiss began a stirring down below in his
teenaged loins.  Kelly broke off from the kiss and nibbled her way
down his chin to his neck.  She sucked his neck for just a few seconds
to give him the lightest of hickies, and then worked her way down to
his, as yet hairless chest, and sucked one of his nipples.  He had seen
what sucking his girlfriends' breasts did to them, but never thought
that it would feel so good to him.  She lingered there a minute
swirling it around in her mouth and giving it some good sucking.
   He noticed that he was now almost fully erect, and this must have
become apparent to Kelly as well for she began anew her descent down
his slightly quivering body.  With the sun giving only a blood red
glow on the horizon the air had lost some of its warmth, but his own
blood was heating back up to a boil.
   Her tongue swirled around and in his belly button and then licked
its way down his lower belly and into his dark curly pubic hair.  Her
tongue found its way to the base of his now hard prick and began
wetly caressing its way up to the head, doing her best to imitate the
actions she had seen the dark-haired woman in the meadow performing on
the blonde-haired man.
   Tommy watched in wonder as the blonde head dipped its way down
his body and onto his manhood.  His hands itched to hold her, so he
slid her neon green top up and over her small breasts and slowly began
to knead them.  The nipples were the hardest part of the firm flesh,
and he worked them the hardest.  She gave another moan at this atten-
tion and licked him even harder.
   He laid down as she stepped over his chest and they fell into a
69.  She was kneeling over his chest, and her pussy and ass were
staring him right in the face.  "She's a natural blonde," he thought
to himself, just before he dove in face first.  Her slit was nearly
dripping with pussy-juice and he tasted a woman for the first time.  The
musky scent was stimulating, but her taste was addictive.  He wanted to
stop time and just lap her up for eternity.
   He reached around her legs and pulled her cheeks apart to get his
tongue into her even further.  Several times he found that he was so
far in he couldn't breathe, but that was what being in shape was for.
He stroked her clit, her inner thighs, her mons pubis, and right up to
her anus.  She had bathed thoroughly, and there was no hint of
anything other than her musky scent, so he licked and sucked until
the job she was doing on him made him nearly explode.  By then he
found that she was rocking her hips back and forth wildly and he had
to hang on tightly to keep contact with his mouth.
   When he knew that he was about to go off again he held on and
rolled them both over and dislodged himself from her anxious lips.
He did a quick 180 and with one hand he caressed her pussy while
with the other he pumped his cream onto her belly.  She reached a hand
down to her crotch where his was caressing her and together they
masturbated there in the seclusion of the woods.
   Tommy's spasms soon were over, but Kelly seemed not quite so ready
to be done.
   She had tasted him and sucked him, but knew that she should not
risk drinking him.  She felt a bit let down by that, so she alternated
hands dipping inside herself and licking off her fingers.  Finally she
decided to just use one of his fingers to continue stimulating her-
self.  She had practiced masturbating the past year and had gotten
pretty good.
   She had tried it with her fingers, carrots, peeled and unpeeled
bananas, and even a well shaped umbrella handle.  The best way she
had ever experienced was Tommy's fingers.  A live person was
not as predictable as an inanimate object, and he added his own ideas
as they went along.  She laced her fingers into his, and reached them
all farther down until they were pushing into her ass-hole.  She
urged his middle finger into her there, and with some pressure he
was able to push it in all the way.  Her juices flowed even more,
and her fingers were dancing crazily around her clit as she orgasmed
with earth-shaking intensity.
   The two teens locked in a kiss, his one hand fingering her ass and
his other pressing into her breast.  Both her hands were busy keeping
the orgasm going, and she nearly bit his tongue off in the passion.
               ******************************************
   The sun was nearly gone behind the trees and Jimmy, Dana, and Barb
had finished their tryst and were luxuriating in a common snuggle.
Finally Barb suggested that they saddle back up and get their mounts
back to the stables.  But before anyone was fully dressed she grabbed
something out of her saddlebag and offered it to Dana.
   "These are ben-wa balls.  Just insert them and enjoy the ride
home."
   Dana took the polished silver balls, about twice the size of
common marbles, and slid them up inside herself.  They fit quite
nicely, and she was sure her panties would keep them in.  She
finished dressing and then swung her leg back up and over her horse.
She could feel the balls inside her moving with her own movements
and it felt quite pleasant.
   Barb and Jimmy mounted up also, and they headed back down the
mountain toward the ranch.  It was beginning to get dusky as they
headed down the trail, and fortunately Barb knew exactly how to get
back.  She led them unerringly back to their destination.
   Dana, though, didn't want to return.  The afternoon had been
delightful, and now the ride back was a new taste of pleasure.  The
horse's rhythmic movements between her legs were stimulating her in
a way she hadn't thought possible.  The ben-wa balls in her cunt were
accentuating the feelings, and soon she was gripping the knob of the
saddle with both hands as she again began to climax.  But this one
didn't stop, or peak, it just continued on with the gait of the equine
rolling back and forth.
   Barb noticed Dana's glazed expression, mouth open, and her tight grip
on the saddle pommel and so reached over and took the reins from her and
led the horse down the path, allowing Dana to continue uninterrupted.  She
knew that expression, and was pleased to have been instrumental in its
appearance.
                      ***********************
   Tommy awoke out in the woods with a nubile girl asleep in his
arms, her top askew and barely covering her warm breasts.
   She stirred against his chest and rubbed her leg, which was draped
over both of his, up his thighs and hugged him tightly.  Her skirt was
still up around her waist and he could feel her bush hugging the side of
his leg.  He reached with one hand and stroked the blonde hair on her
head and she snuggled her forehead into the space just under his chin.
Gradually she awoke and gave him a light kiss.
   Finally they got to their feet and adjusted their clothes back into
a presentable form.  He put his arm around her shoulders and together
they made their way back to the sports camp.  They arrived in time for
the end of the movie showing in the auditorium.  They never let go of
each other and sat off by themselves instead of with their friends.
After the show they did join their friends for a bite to eat at the
snack shop, but they didn't participate in the conversation nearly as
much as they would have usually.  They did spend a lot of time looking
into each other's eyes and holding hands.
   Their friends had seen others couple up, and just took it in stride
without any undue razzing or teasing.  Most of them thought that Tom
and Kelly made a cute couple anyway.
   Kelly kept thinking about the way Tommy had made her feel out in
the woods.  She had never had her breasts stimulated so thoroughly,
had never been kissed so deeply, and had never orgasmed as
fully as had occurred tonight.  The thought of him kissing and
licking her dripping pussy gave her a glow all over her skin, and she
thought that she might be hooked on such love-making.
   Later that night, back in her cabin, after they had parted with a super
long french-kiss, Kelly quietly told her best friend, Tasha, about her
experience.  Tasha was a teammate on her gymnastics team, and was of mixed
heritage.  Her father was black and her mother Korean, and Tasha had
inherited the best looks of both races.  She was a year older than
Kelly, having finished her sophomore year, and was a light colored
black, with full red lips and seductive narrow eyes.  Her hair was
a deep black, but was cut short with big curls.  She had a slender
build and almost boyish buttocks, but her legs were long and
her waist so tiny that it gave a good amount of curve to her hips.
   She listened intently to Kelly telling of Tommy's loving techni-
que, and probed her quietly for more details.  The two kept it down
as it was after lights out, and the rest of the cabin was sleeping.
It was a warm night, and they both wore baby doll nighties, with
bikini briefs on underneath.  Tasha suggested that she brush Kelly's
long tresses while she continued her description, and Kelly eagerly
assented.
   Tasha got a brush and Kelly turned her back and scooted in between
Tasha's outstretched legs.  She described Tommy's tongue-technique
and again warmed up inside at the thought of it.  She explained how
excited the cunnilingus had gotten her, all the while Tasha brushing
and playing with her blonde hair.  Tasha then quietly explained that
it had been her experience that it was not so much the gender of the
one giving the tongue-bath, as it was the experience of the one doing
so.  Kelly cocked her head sideways, but didn't say anything.  Tasha
then reached around her and gently fondled her breasts through the thin
cotton fabric.  Kelly was already turned on from telling her tale,
and the hands playing with her nipples felt so good she leaned back
into Tasha's arms.  She told herself that she was going to find out
if what Tasha had said was true, because if it were, she was ready
to experience such heights again.
   In the dark she laid her head on Tasha's shoulder, and met Tasha's
kiss with eager lips.  The massaging of her breasts continued and she
could feel the direct effect it was having on her moistening pussy.
Kelly reached down and slipped a hand into her panties and fingered her
slit until it was fully lubricated.  She reached up her wet fingers to
Tasha's mouth, who slowly licked each one.
   Kelly then decided that before she allowed this shadowy lovely to
have her way with her, she was going to give before receiving.  She
rolled over in Tasha's arms and slid down the slim body until she
faced Tasha's lap.  She tugged the panties down and off the long legs and
then kissed her way back up the legs until she found Tasha's musky box.
   The two quietly slipped under the sheets and tried not to make too
much noise.  The other girls in the cabin had heard moans coming from
Kelly's bunk before, but had either figured she was having a nightmare
or a good time by herself.  That's what any who listened in figured
this night.
   Kelly had never tasted the juices of another female, and found it
quite tantalizing.  She didn't know exactly what to do, so she just
imagined what she would want done to her and tried it on Tasha.  The
results were evidently positive ones from the little gasps she evoked
from her dark-skinned friend.
   She worked her tongue in through the dark patch of hair surrounding
Tasha's love slit.  She flicked at the small clitoris set atop that
opening and felt the body she was holding onto with both arms squirm
beneath her.  Kelly tried extending her tongue as deeply into Tasha's
pussy as she could, and licked and swallowed the thick liquid there.
She moved back to the clit and gave it a good sucking before tonguing
it like a cat did a dirty paw.
   Soon Tasha was arching her back while holding her breath, and she
pushed Kelly's mouth away from her quivering pussy as the spasms
coursed through her.
   Kelly surfaced from below the sheets and kissed her way up to
Tasha's sweaty neck.  She did stop and linger a bit at her breasts,
sucking the stiff nipples and swirling around them with her tongue.
   She stretched out next to her, and pulled her nightie up and over
her head and then wriggled out of her own bikini bottom.  She tucked
the already moistened piece of clothing under the pillow for later
retrieval.  "Your turn," she said to her friend.
   She could see Tasha's narrow oriental eyes looking at her in new
wonderment, and a smile spreading across her cute face.  "Yes, indeed,
my little vixen," she purred as she kissed her once and submarined
beneath the sheets.
   Kelly had first experienced oral sex that afternoon with Tommy,
and wondered now how it would compare with a girl doing the honors.
She couldn't help but wish, despite her attraction to Tasha, that it
was Tommy down there now going down on her.  "I'll at least give it a
chance, though," she thought to herself, as a tongue slid in and out
of her belly button.  She felt something warm and hard pressing into
her crotch and thought at first that it was Tasha's hand, but then
realized that it was a breast.  The nipple moved slowly around her
mound, and with the help of a hand the point found its way shallowly
into her cunt now and then.  It felt so good that Kelly found her legs
leaning farther apart to allow more room for the breast to cover.  She
could feel her juices covering Tasha's chest, and soon the one below
was quite soaked all over.  Kelly reached down and grabbed her own
breasts and began massaging them.  She pulled one of her nipples up
to her mouth and licked it, sending new sensations of pleasure through
her body.
   Tasha then sank a little lower and began kissing her all over her
pussy.  The kisses were brief and stimulating, but they had the
effect of teasing her.  Kelly let go her breasts and reached down to
guide the head into her, but Tasha slipped her grasp and pulled her
head away.  "noooo," escaped out of Kelly's lips, but Tasha was any-
thing but through with her blonde-headed friend.  She used both hands
and separated the pussy lips, exposing Kelly's pussy fully.  She then
lightly blew on it, and Kelly shivered with goose bumps as the cool-
ness rushed over her.  She hugged herself to keep warm.
   Kelly then slid down further in the bed, and moved her feet up
close to her buttocks which she lifted slightly into the air towards
Tasha's beautiful mouth.  "Please eat me," she whispered urgently over
and over again, until Tasha gave in, leaned down, scooped her hands
under Kelly's tight little ass, and began to tongue her in earnest.
   Kelly gasped aloud and then looked around in the nearly dark
room to see if she'd disturbed anyone's sleep, but none of the other
girls seemed to have heard her.  One other body did seem to be
rhythmically swaying, but no sound was coming from that bunk.  She
couldn't help but squirm some as the waves of pleasure rolled over her
like the ocean at high tide.  But the tide kept coming in, and Kelly
kept coming until she lost track of time.  "Tommy," she moaned,
thinking of him as she crashed again in orgasm.
   Finally the tongue-lashing abated and she felt herself once again
returning to earth.  She felt drained, but satisfied, and soon Tasha
sidled up alongside of her.  She kissed her on the brow and whispered
"That was nice, but I think you have a case for this Tommy.  It's okay
with me, I understand.  But if you ever feel like experimenting again,
just let me know."  Then she slipped on her nightie, and quietly padded
over to her own bed.  Kelly decided she didn't have the energy to
reclothe, so she just rolled over in the bed naked, the moon casting its
pale light through a window across her exposed cheeks, and she drifted off
to sleep, visions of Tommy and Tasha mixed together.
                     **************************
--

Archive-name: 3plus/butter5.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 5


                            Chapter 5
                      "Back From the Ranch"

[Recap:  Dana and Jim are new neighbors in a swinging condo complex.
They've met Barb and Mike who have introduced them to new sexual
experiences.  In Chapter 4 three of them had a tryst in the woods,
with an unbenownst teenage couple watching and scewing nearby.  After
their woodsy escapade, they headed back...]

   Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Dana, Barbara, and Jim had dismounted
their horses and returned them to their caretakers.  Dana had to slip
into the ladies' room and squeeze the ben-wa balls from their tiny
little hiding place.
   The ride back went quickly, the music loud and the laughter long.
Finally they pulled back into the condo parking lot and headed over to
Barb's place to see what was up with Mike.  They walked in and found
Tanya watching TV in the living room.
   They shared with her some of their adventures that afternoon, and
she told them of hers.  "I found out this afternoon how many I can
screw at once," she told them proudly.
   "What's your record now?" Dana inquired.
   "Four!  I sat on one, sucked a second, and gave a hand job to two
others.  I wanted to try for five, but the only one left was Eric,
and you know how big he is..." and her eyes grew big as she spoke.
"So I have him tied to the bed back in the "Play Room" and I'm taking
him a little bit at a time."
   Jimmy snuck back to the room mentioned and stole a peek.  Sure
enough there was the athletically built young black man bound hand and
foot, blinders over his eyes and a something stuffed into his mouth.
He appeared to be sleeping.
   When he went back into the living room he asked Tanya, "What's he
doing in there?"
   "I don't know.  But at the end of each show I watch I go back and
screw him until he's just about ready to give it up and then I come
back out here.  He's such a bully around here, I thought I'd teach
him a lesson.  I've seen him be merciless on some of the women around
the pool, and now I've got him begging for release.  I figure I'll do
him another couple of shows and then I'll let him go."
   Barb said she thought her niece was playing with fire, and she
hoped she didn't get burned.  Then she asked if she could watch.
   "Sure," her slim relative replied, "I was just about to go another
round when you guys walked in.  Let's go!"
   She led them all back to the "Play Room".  She dropped her running
shorts but kept on her bikini top.  She found a bottle of oil and
dripped some on the man's limp cock.  The cool oil woke him and he
thrashed around on the bed trying to avoid her slippery fingers, but
she was not to be denied.  Soon his dong began to stiffen up, and once
again he reached his full height.  His dick was very long and very
thick and Tanya had difficulty fitting him into herself as she strad-
dled him.  The oil helped though, and soon she was riding him the way
the other three had ridden their horses that afternoon.  Eric's hands
strained against the bonds and he pushed up into her as best he could,
but when it looked like he was near to going off she slipped off him
and padded back out of the room, leaving him frustrated again.
   Barb raised her eyebrows at the huge cock, and then without saying
a word, slipped out of her own pants.  She repeated the procedure, but
since he was awake and already quite stiff it began much quicker.  She
straddled him backwards, and used her hands to guide him into her.
Again, it was quite a tight squeeze, but Barb was a little more able
to accept one his size than her niece had been.  Instead of riding
him, though, she just sat there and fingered her clit.  The lack of
movement prevented Eric from coming close to an orgasm, but Barb's
finger action stimulated herself to one.  Soon her eyes were closed
and her fingers were moving furiously until she shuddered and laid
onto his chest and shivered in delight.
   Then she scooted off of him, wiped herself off, and re-clothed.
Jimmy and Dana followed her back out into the living room where
Tanya was sitting on the couch still bottomless.
   "You didn't finish him off, did you?" Tanya said with a pout.
   "No, dear, he's still all yours, and waiting for you."
   Just then Mike came in the front door, lugging some cameras and
various electronic equipment.  He greeted them all and stumbled over
to the dining room table where he deposited his load.
   "Whew!  That's an armful!"  He looked over at them all and smirked,
"But well worth it.  Wait 'til you see the video I took today."
   "Whacha been up to, big guy?" Jimmy inquired as he strode over to
the table full of stuff.
   "Well, Barb told me that you all were heading up into the mountains
for a bit of riding.  I knew the spot she'd take you to - it's been
'our' spot for a number of months now - so when I got out of work I
thought I'd swing on up there.  I arrived probably about 15 minutes
after you took off, so I packed up the ol' equipment as best I could
and took the shortcut there.  Barbara took you on the scenic route,
but the spot is really only about 4 miles from the ranch.  I took the
straight route there and was able to set everything up in a copse of
trees just a little ways from where you picniced.  I did have to wait
for over an hour for you to finally show up, and the bugs were driving
me crazy, but you didn't disappoint me."  He gave them a little wink,
"In more ways than one."
   "You didn't!" exclaimed Dana as it dawned on her just what he was
getting at.
   "Ah, but I did!", and produced his videotape with a flourish from
the pile.  "Care to see what I got on tape?"
   Jimmy received the tape from him and took it over to the VCR in the
wall unit that held a vast array of electronic gadgetry.  "I'd like to
see just what you've got here.  I hear the male lead is quite good,"
that over his shoulder to the girls.
   "Which one are you talking about?" Mike asked him.
   "What do you mean, 'which one?'  Me, of course.  What other male
star have you got in this production - unless you turned the camera
on yourself."
   "No.  I didn't do that, but I did get a bit of a surprise out
there, and that's why I'm so anxious for you to see this."
   The thought of Eric strapped naked to the bed in the "Play Room"
left all their minds as they settled comfortably together onto the
couch to see what Mike had filmed that afternoon.
   The tape began with some pictures of the "spot" before they arrived
and Mike talking about what he hoped to do from his hiding place near
the glade.  Then it showed the three of them cantering up on their
horses and then picnicing.  Mike hadn't filmed the entire meal, and
the picture picked up again as Barbara shed her clothes there in the
woods and bounded off to the creek.  Jimmy followed suit, but Dana
didn't strip all the way.
   When the three of them had vacated the scene, the film picked up
once again as they re-emerged from the trees, wet and excited.
   The three of them fell to the love-making they remembered from
that afternoon, and it was interesting to see from a different angle.
They were just getting into watching themselves suck, lick, and probe
when the camera swung left and pointed into the trees, up a slight
rise, about 20 yards from where the three had been.
   Immediately they picked out a neon green piece of clothing, but
from a distance it was difficult to make out who was in it.  The
lense zoomed in, and they could see that it was a cute little
teenaged blonde peeking around a large oak tree.  She was obviously
mesmerized by the scene as she leaned around and stared in the
direction of the three adults making love.  She wore a midriff length
green t-shirt that barely covered two pert breasts, and a tight and
very short cotton skirt.
   "The little voyuer!" Barbara commented.
   "Voyeur-ette," corrected Jimmy.
   Dana snuggled into his lap and pulled his arms around her.
   "Watch this," Mike added, and they saw a teenaged boy lean over
her shoulder whisper to her.  "There's our other star."
   The camera was not too steady at this distance, but it was able
to fairly well show the boy lean out of the picture and take his
place directly behind the little blonde.  Tanya then began to squirm
a little on the couch as she saw him drop his pants, hike her skirt
up and over her ass, and begin to caress her privates with his right
hand.  The girl turned her head and said something sharp to him, but
his other hand reached around her and slid its way up under her shirt.
She must not have been perturbed enough, or the scene held her in
place, for soon she was backing into his hand and spreading her legs
for more, which she promptly got.  They saw her reach back and hand
him something, the something turning out to be a condom, and he quick-
ly slipped it over his stiff dick and moved back towards her.
   They could see her outthrust ass atop well-muscled legs.  Her tan
lines were easily distinguishable, and they made her cute little
cheeks stand out in the dimming light.  His cock found its way in just
under those cheeks, and he slowly worked it in deeper and deeper.  The
blonde closed her eyes and gripped the tree tighter, but held on and
began to give him a good ride.  She arched her back and bit her lip,
and they could see that it was a good experience for her.
   The young man didn't have much staying power and soon was holding
her hips up against his tightly as his spasms started.  A very
intense look crossed his face for a few moments and then he looked
down at her and seemed to be taking the whole scene in.  The four
onlookers broke out in a spontaneous cheer at the scene's climax.
   "Hey, this is kinda neat- watching our watchers," Jim observed.
   "And the show ain't over yet," Mike added.
   The scene panned over to the three in the open who were engaging
in an oral chain.  Then it panned back, and found the two young teens
lying together, with the blonde kissing her way down his body.
She kissed his nipples, then his lower belly, and finally found his
renewed enthusiasm.  From their vantage point they couldn't see her
sucking him off, but they could tell by the bobbing of her head how
well she was doing it.  Then she stepped over him and they could see
between her legs that he was eating her with equal gusto.
   This scene lasted a little longer than the last, and both gave as
well as they got.  Her position now made it easy to see her slipping
his meat in and out of her mouth, and Dana found herself sliding her
hand onto Jim's bulging crotch.  He accomodated her by dropping his
fly, so she reached into his pants and slowly squeezed his own stiff
cock.
   Dana's eyes, though, were not so much on the teenage boy as they
were on the blonde-haired girl.  She reminded her of Tanya at an
earlier age and what she must have been like just into her puberty.
Tanya had shown her some love-making tricks already, some of which
were for the pleasuring those of the same sex.  And pleasing Tanya had
been a real turn-on to her in itself.
   She imagined having as tight a twat as the little teenager on the
screen.
   Jimmy was on her one side, leaning in against her, but Tanya was
still sitting bottom-less on her other, so she in turn leaned over
next to her.  Tanya took the hint and began playing with her hair,
and interspersed a few kisses into her ear.  This treatment warmed
her and then began getting her hot.  On screen two young people were
love-making for the first time, she was gripping her husband's
tool of pleasure (which was now liberated from its hideaway), and she
was being kissed and caressed by a beautiful girl whose own genitalia
was easily accessible.  She turned her head and accepted a deep and
lingering kiss, feeling quite trapped within her clothes.  While the
kiss continued she felt a warm hand reach into her blouse and inside
her bra.  Her breasts were now heaving in anticipation, and Jimmy
did a quarter turn in order to unbotton her pants and help her
shimmy out of them.  His fingers danced up and down her legs, which
she spread hoping that someone on either side of her would take an
interest in the place where they met.
   Tanya withdrew her tongue from Dana's mouth and moved in the right
direction.  She let Jimmy lean his head over and work on her tits,
and moved on down quickly to more southern regions.
   Tanya kissed her way down to the soft fuzz of Dana's smooth belly.
Her hot breath came quicker as she anticipated a wet meal of musky
juices.  She scooted back farther on the couch so that she could
stretch out with her head at Dana's crotch and her dark tanned body
at right angles to Dana's.  She was not in close proximity to Jimmy's
up-thrust stick, which Dana was giving a slow hand-job.  She tossed
her golden hair over her one shoulder so that it wouldn't interfere,
and began probing Dana's dark mound with her tongue in search of trea-
sure.  Soon she was marking the spot with wet X's, and lapping at the
moisture exuding from Dana's slippery slit.
   Barbara and Mike had shifted into a doggie style screw on the other
end of the couch, with Barb facing into the middle, and Mike looking
over her down-sloping back at the rest of the action going on on the
cushions.  He ran his hands up and down Barb's back as she spread her
knees and opened her thighs to allow his aching cock entry into her
fairly dry pussy.  She had been going at it for much of the day, and
needed more stimulation to get wet.  Mike, though, had been watching
most of the day and needed relief quickly, so he pushed and squeezed
his way on in.  Soon she became more slick and he was able to
rock in and out as he held onto her tiny waist.
   Barbara was now in close proximity to Jimmy's hand-job from the
other side, so she reached a hand under one of his legs and played
with his balls.  She was able to lean her head onto his firm stomach
and kiss his hairy navel.  She then kissed her way down Dana's arm
all the way to her grip on Jim's poker, which was too long for Dana
to completely grasp.  Barb kissed and licked him where he showed
around Dana's fingers, which was mostly at the base.
   Dana slipped her fingers down lower and allowed his head to
thrust up through her hand.  Barb locked her mouth onto it and gave
it a good sucking.
  Jimmy opened his eyes from tonguing his wife's stiff nipples and
saw that both he and she were being eaten simultaneously.  A teenaged
blonde head was buried in his wife's nest and a dark brown head was
latched onto him.  The sight was delicious, and he allowed it to burn
into his memory.
   He began to hear Dana making little pleading noises, which startled
him a bit.  As long as they had been making love she had never made a
sound.  Now, with her eyes closed, she was begging for it harder, and
her words were coming out louder and more clearly.
   "Yes.  Yes.  Ooooh, that's so good.  Eat me more.  Ooooh, yes.
Deeper and deeper.  You're so beautiful.  Your tongue is like fire.
Eat me more.  Oooh yes."  Her breathing was deep and quick, her chest
rising and falling.  She released Jimmy's cock and used both her
hands to grip her breasts.  She pulled them up to her mouth and licked
the tips and then began squeezing them to the rhythm of her breathing
which continued to quicken.
   Soon she was nearly bucking on the wall-length couch and letting
out short shouts of ecstasy.  Jimmy couldn't believe that it was his
wife making so much noise, and then he saw her grab Tanya's head and
practically smash it into her crotch, screaming out, "Oh God, yes!
I'm coming!  I'm coming!  Don't stop!  Oh yes!"
   He glanced over and saw that Mike was climaxing at the same time,
and was pumping into Barbara for all he worth.  His own sensations in
his dick were building to a crescendo, but he held back a bit watching
those around him in the throes of passion.  He looked up to the TV
screen and saw the teenaged boy removing himself from the girl's
mouth and swing around to pump his jism onto her belly.  That in-
spired him to give it up and he began to unload into Barbara's
juicy mouth, between her encircling lips.
   The five of them collapsed, just as there was a knock at the door.
Everyone grabbed something to make themselves a little more decent,
except Tanya who just stretched out on the floor still exposed from
the waist down.  She propped herself up on a pillow and watched the
rest of the video Mike had secretly shot of the teenaged couple that
afternoon, where the boy began giving her an oral job that was
amateurish, but obviously pleasing.
   Mike pulled on a pair of pants quickly and opened the door to see
the knock-out red head Sigourney standing there.
   "Well, come in, come in," and beckoned her inside.  She wore a one-
piece bathing suit that was white with colored stripes, and as she
came in he appreciated the view from the back seeing that it had a
thong cut.
   "Has anyone seen Eric?  A couple of guys told me that they'd seen
him come in here with a blonde, but that was hours ago."
   Tanya hopped up and seemed oblivious to the fact that she wore
nothing on her bottom half.
   "I know where he is, but you have to promise not to let him know
it was me."
   Sigourney agreed and they went together back to the playroom.
Tanya again went through her "wake-up" procedure and soon had Eric
slicked up and stiff, but this time she urged Sigourney atop the
mammoth-sized dick.  The red-head slipped off her suit and handed it
to Tanya.  She then stretched a leg over his body and stood kneeling
over his king-dong.  She lowered herself onto him and then began going
up and down as fast and as hard as she could.  It didn't take long
before his worn out meat spasmed inside of her.  She lay down on top
of him and rode him until he was flacid.  Then she pushed up his
blindfold and un-gagged him.
   "It's you!" he exclaimed in disbelief.  "Has it been you all along?
I thought it was that blonde minx over there," and he nodded in
Tanya's direction.
   Sigourney undid his hands, and while he rubbed feeling back into
his hands she undid his feet.  Tanya left the room, but heard them
talking as she left.  Sigourney was saying something about hoping he
had learned a lesson.
   Soon the two came out holding hands, Eric wearing clothes, but
Sigourney still in the buff.  She was wider at the hips than any other
woman in the room, but she was still in good proportion, and her full
breasts showed off her large aureolae.  Tanya gave her back her suit
which she slid into, pulling the thong in the back up between her
cheeks.
   Eric apologized to them all, and explained that he would much nicer
around the pool from now on, especially if they kept the blonde away
from him.  Mike mixed up some drinks, rewound the cassette, and they
all watched the afternoon again.
   Dana reflected on the day and decided it had been a good one, with
one exception.  "I wonder what it would be like to sit on a cock the
size of Eric's?..."

--
[This ends chapter 5 of New Neighbors, which you downloaded as
Butter5.zip from wherever you got it.  You might want to call the
Demon Pit BBS (201) 383-1713, and see if there are any more
chapters.  Look in the "O"nline games section, choose #7 (story door),
look up story #20, and use the password "Butterfly" to read it.  {This
was originated on the now defunct "Butterfly BBS", which explains the
"butter" part of the program title.  Hope you enjoyed this story -
watch for further adventures that the neighbors have.]


Archive-name: 3plus/butter6.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 6


                     *******************************
(This is a continued story from the now off-line Butterfly BBS.  To see
what occurred previously to new neighbors Jimmy and Dana, and old
residents Mike and Barb, download any of the test stories BUTTER1.ZIP in
the files section.  Suffice it to say, Jimmy and Dana moved into a
swinging condo complex, and have been initiated into their new sensual
life-style by the old neighbors.  Shy Dana has come out of her shell,
and Jimmy has had some of his deepest fantasies come true (and then
some!).  We tune in now to their second week at the complex...)
 
   Jimmy finally went into work at his new consulting firm, and Dana got
busy fixing the new place up to be livable in.  They didn't spend much
time out around the pool, but Dana did take a stroll one evening to see
what the Moon Crew was up to.
   They were appreciative to Mike and Barb for helping them learn the
lay of the land around the complex, so they invited them out to dinner
and a show for the up-coming weekend.  They agreed to meet Saturday at 5
to go for drinks, and then on to dinner and the play.
   Saturday afternoon, after repainting the bathroom, the two of them
slipped on their suits for a little bit of sun before going out for the
evening.  Again, Jimmy's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as he
looked over the bevy of beauties draped around the pool.  The amount of
skin showing was nearly criminal, but it seemed the norm, and he and
Dana were trying to fit in.  He had on his little Speedo suit, and Dana
had finally dared to wear a thong bikini.  She went out wearing her
robe, and a little self-consciously took it off to lie face up on a
lounge chair.  Jimmy winked at her and settled into his chair when he
looked up and saw the most gorgeous woman on earth swaying around the
pool.
   "Wow!  Would you look at that!" Jimmy remarked to Dana.
   "Oh, her."  And Jimmy could almost hear the icicles dripping from her
words.  Unconsciously she turned over to face away from the other woman,
not realizing that she was now showing off the thong, and her smooth
cheeks, to their best advantage.  "She's the one Barbara was telling me
about.  Don't stare too hard, none of it's real."
   "You don't say!  Wow, it all looks so real and so..." and Jimmy couldn't
help but look at the nearly exposed cheeks, the upthrust and full breasts,
the model quality high cheek bones, and the long flowing hair.  Then he
decided to roll onto his stomach to hide the fact that part of his anatomy
couldn't tell the difference.
   Later that evening they began to get dressed for their night out on
the town with Barb and Mike.  Dana squeezed into a tight fitting silk
dress, with a low scoop back, and bared shoulders.  Her tan was coming
along nicely, and Jimmy admired her sexy neck as she draped a string of
pearls around it.  The dress was maroon, with a white belt to accent her
small waist.  She added dark hose adorned with small black spots and some
high heels.  Jimmy had pulled out his seldom used tuxedo and found that it
still fit.  Usually he just wore it to company shin-digs around Christmas,
but had skipped this last year's.  He chomped on some peanut-butter crackers
thinking it would probably be over an hour before they were able to eat some
real food.
   A knock at their door told them that Mike and Barb had arrived, so
Jim went to let them in.  Barb was there alone.
   "Mike'll be right along, he just had to finish some work, so I
thought I'd come over on time."  She looked around their newly decorated
place and oohed.  Dana came out from the bedroom and gave her a tour
while Jimmy fixed some drinks.  Soon Mike knocked once and let himself
in.  "How do, buddy?!  Are we about ready to roll?"
   "Not yet.  Your wife is getting the grand tour.  What's your poison?"
   "Scotch on the rocks please.  Hmmm.  You've done the place nicely."
   "Give Dana the credit.  Hey Mike, I wanted to ask you about this
knockout I saw at the pool today that Dana tells me is mostly surgical."
   "Oh, you must mean Cloe!  I guess she's had some cosmetic surgery
done, but it's okay by me.  Let me tell you Jim, if you polled the men
of this complex you'd find that she would win "Most Likely to Want to 
BeRolled in the Hay Again."  She is fantastic!"  He glanced to see that the
ladies were out of the room and continued, "Don't say anything to Barb
about this, but she's probably the best I've ever had.  Unfortunately,
Barb is jealous of her so I keep my distance."
   "No!  Barb jealous of anyone?  I can't imagine her feeling
competition from anyone."
   "That's 'cuz you haven't sampled Cloe's wares.  She's an infrequent
Moon Crew participant, so if you get a chance - take it!"
   Just then Barb and Dana sauntered back into the room.  They were a
startling pair.  Dana's sandy hair had been put up and revealed a very
sexy neck-line.  Her pearls drew the eye there, and then down to her
revealing dress, slit up the side and showing a lot of thigh down low and
cleavage up top.  The silkiness of her dress captured the light from the room
and sent it back in a shimmery way that stirred the blood and jump-started
the thought process.
   Jimmy then took in Barb and her outfit, and while not quite as
seductive as Dana's, it was still very alluring.  She had on a
form-fitting navy blue dress that was almost formal length.  It had
spaghetti straps that looked a bit overworked trying to keep her buxom
chest in tow.  Her dark hair was in curls and nestling on her shoulders.
She wore large gold earrings, gold bracelets, and a single strand gold
chain around her throat.  Her little clutch purse was also a shiny
golden as was her belt, and along with her tan she positively glowed
gold!
   Her makeup was not too heavy, but again accented her large dark eyes.
If her eyes had been pools then one could have easily drowned in them.
   Jimmy completely forgot about his conversation with Mike about Cloe,
and put his arm around Dana's tiny waist as they headed out to the car.
This night out was on Jimmy and Dana in gratitude for all that Mike and
Barbara had done for them, and they wanted it to be just right.  They
were headed to one of the city's fanciest restaurants, and then to a
Broadway show that was touring the country and had made a 2-month stop
to their area to rave reviews.
   Jimmy pulled up to the restaurant parking lot in their Ford Mustang,
and the attendant took his keys to park it.  The restaurant was located
atop one of the tallest buildings in the city and boasted a spectacular
view.  The eatery rotated slowly, making a circuit once an hour, so a
dinner party easily got to see all of the sights during a meal.  The way
to get to it was on one of the two outside glass elevators that onlywent 
up to the restaurant (those who wanted to get to rooms in the hotel
needed to use the inside elevators).
   The four of them walked over to the elevator doors and could see that
it was about half way back down.  As they waited a well-dressed elderly
couple approached and waited with them.  You could almost smell the
money on them, he in a very expensive suit, and she sporting diamonds
couple approached and waited with them.  You could almost smell the
money on them, he in a very expensive suit, and she sporting diamonds
and a fur wrap over a designer gown.
   Mike and Barb were arm in arm as they entered and when they took
their places in the small area they locked into a passionate embrace.
Jim and Dana just hugged, and the elderly couple took their place a few
steps away, trying to avoid looking at the man and woman who were
kissing fiercely.  The doors closed and the elevator began its slow
climb to the top.
   Dana turned and looked out at the view and caught her breath, Jimmy
standing closely behind her with his arms around her.  But soon she
couldn't ignore the sights and sounds coming from Barb and Mike.  Barb
had raised one leg which Mike was holding as they rubbed bodies up
against the glass.  The elderly man was trying not to stare, but wasn't
doing a very good job, and his wife elbowed him one good and told him to
look away.
   Dana looked away also, but when they were about 2/3rds of the way up
she couldn't ignore the lurch the elevator made.
   "Are we stuck?" asked the matron.
   "I don't know - we just seemed to stop," Jimmy replied.
   Meanwhile, Mike had slipped his hand under one of the spaghettistraps 
on Barb's dress and while the two continued their kiss he was massaging
her exposed breast.  His hand then dropped down and pulled her leg up and
slid his hand up her thigh until it had pushed her dress up and
displayed the top of her stockings and finally her bare ass.  He was
grinding his pelvis into hers and it looked like they were getting into
it pretty hot and heavy.
   "Warren, stop staring!  And you two," she directed at Mike and Barb,
"please stop that!  This is a public place!"
   Jimmy and Dana had turned to watch them going at it, oblivious to 
theother four in the elevator.  They looked on as Barb reached down and
fumblingly but finally successfully got Mike's pants unbelted and
unzipped.  She was chewing on his ear as they turned so that her back
was up against the glass wall.  He cupped her cheeks in both of his
hands and lifted her slightly as he made connection and pinned her to
the wall.  Her heaving became quite heavy, and now her dress top had
found its way down almost to her waist.  Jimmy was still behind Dana as
they watched, so he reached around her and lightly squeezed both of her
breasts.
   The elderly couple had turned away from them and were doing their
best to ignore the sights, sounds, and smells of the love-making going 
on just a few feet away.
   Barb then began moaning and crying out each time that Mike pumped
into her, which was occurring regularly and often, so that there was no
way to ignore them.  Finally she gave a long sustained cry as Mike's
meat began to cream her deeply and her own sensations had boiled until
she went over the edge herself in a shuddering orgasm.  The elevator was
beginning to bounce ever so slightly to their lovemaking and the elderly
matron was clinging to her husband in fear, while he just looked on in
fascination.  Finally the bouncing action slowed to a stop, as Barb's
heaving breasts turned a red flush from the excitement.  Mike took a
small step back, tidied up his pants while Barb slipped her dress's
straps back up over her shoulders and smoothed down the front of it.
   Dana and Jim let out a sigh at the climax to the encounter, feeling
somehow like they'd experienced it themselves.  Mike turned and gave
them a smile, and then reached over to the control panel and threw a
switch.  The elevator began to rise again immediately.
   "Did you see that?!" the gray-hair asked indignantly.  "We weren't
stuck at all.  Warren, are you listening to me?"
   "Yes dear," her husband replied, a smile sneaking out at the corners
of his mouth.
   The car reached its destination and allowed them all to disembark,
and the indignant woman pushed past them all to leave as soon as the
doors opened enough to allow a body to pass through.  Her husband gave
Mike a little pat on the back as he passed and then dutifully caught up
to his wife and escorted her around a corner into the restaurant.  The
four stepped out laughing and doing imitations of the elderly woman to
each other.
   The dinner was spectacular, and the view impressive as the restaurant
twirled around the top of the building at one revolution per hour.  The
four of them had become very close and they found that they easily
shared their feelings and thoughts.  There was no sign of the elderly
couple during their meal.
   After supper they took the elevator down in a large crowd, but they
did see Mike cop a feel and then wink.  Jimmy and Dana just snuggled on
the way down.
   They walked through the hotel lobby to the theatre's entrance, and as
they did Barbara caught a quick glimpse of the matron from the elevator
going into the show with her husband also.  Her poise seemed to have
returned, and she walked with elegant grace into the theatre.
   The four took their seats, and Barbara noticed that they were about
three rows in front of and seven or eight chairs beside the elderly
couple.  The lights dimmed, notes began floating up from the orchestral
pit, and the musical began.  The show was well choreographed, the actors
superb, the costumes dazzling.  When it was over the four of them rose
and applauded with gusto!
   As they exited their seats and began walking up the aisle the elderly
matron moved to intercept them.  She caught up to them in the lobby.
   She tapped Barbara on the arm and announced, "I need a word with
you.  Please follow me."
   "I'll come along too, ok?" Dana offered.
   "No thank you," replied the matron, "that won't be necessary.  Warren
I'll be right back."  She led the way to the Ladies Room.
   Once there she turned to Barbara and smiled.  "I apologize for making
such a fuss up there in the elevator."  She sighed and continued
wistfully, "I was young and in love once.  It's just been so long that
I'd almost forgotten how crazy love can make you.
   "But you reminded me tonight of the fire that used to burn within me.
Thank you for that.  I've been thinking this evening of how I used to
light my Warren's fire, the lingerie I wore, the perfume on my wrists
and hot points, the things we used to do and try.  It almost seemed like
a dream.  But you've reminded me that I am a woman, with a woman's needs
and desires just like when I had breasts as firm as yours.
   "I just wanted you to know that I appreciate now the display that you
and your man gave us, and that tonight," and her eyes lit up, "I am
going to stoke the fire one more time for Warren.  He won't know what
hit him!"  She leaned over, gave Barbara a kiss on the cheek and threw
over her shoulder as she hurried off, "Thanks again!"  And then she was
gone.
   Barbara reemerged from the Ladies Room, but the elderly couple had
gone by then.
   "Everything okay?" Mike asked her.
   "More than okay," she replied to them all, "I think things are going
to be pretty hot in some parts of this city tonight."  Then, taking both
his and Jimmy's arms with Dana on his other, the four headed back home
to what proved a hot night for them as well.


Epilogue:  Warren's heart gave out that night from the excitement, but
it was with a smile on his face.  His rich widow subsequently relocated
to Rio de Janeiro and runs a bar right on the beach.

--
Archive-name: 3plus/butter7.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 7


                         Chapter 7 - "The Focus"
                  ***************************************

   The men were in their tuxes and the ladies elegant dresses, and they
were enjoying being out together.  Jimmy thought about this couple a lot
and how they had changed his and Dana's lives.  When they had moved in
just a week and a half ago they were ready to start a new life together,
and Jimmy hoped that that might include loosening Dana's inhibitions a
little.
   He reminisced about the scenes he had observed during the last few
days:  Dana making love to another man while he was in the room, he
making love to another woman while she looked on, the video tape of her
dressing up like Aphrodite and "punishing" Barbara while he received a
tongue-bath out on the deck from their neighbor's 19 year old niece,
swimming in a mountain stream in the buff and forming a 3-way love chain
in a secluded part of the woods, Dana being eaten by a woman and then
tasting a woman's juices herself for the first time, the scenes around
the pool with the Moon Crew, and then watching Mike and Barb screwing
madly in a glass elevator with other passengers aboard.  He shook his
head in near disbelief as the scenes finished parading before his mind's
eye.
   His reverie was interrupted when Barb leaned forward from the
backseat and suggested, "It's been such a great night together, why
don't the two of you come back to our place for a nightcap, and we can
finish the night by focusing on each of you."
   "Excuse me," Dana replied, "but what do you mean by 'focusing' on
us?"
   "Don't tell them Barb."
   "Why not, Mike?" she asked her husband.
   "Just see if they'll come back and give it a try.  It's a great
way to spend an hour or so, and I'm sure they'll like it."  Calling up
to the front seat he asked, "What say you, you two?  Want to give it a
try?"
   "I'll let you make the call," Jim said to Dana.
   "Well, it's all been good so far," the tawny brunette replied.
"We've come this far, so we might as well take the next step."  Her mind
began wandering and wondering at what "focusing" might be, and she felt
her nipples stiffening a bit at the thoughts.  Unconsciously she reached
up and began rubbing her hand on her chest, which Jim noticed and made
him smile.
   'This has been an incredible few days,' he thought to himself and
gave the engine a little more throttle as he headed back to the complex
and the night of delights in store.
  Jim pulled into the parking lot and offered a hand to the ladies as
they emerged from his car.  The four strolled back through the complex,
around the nearly deserted pool and over to Mike and Barb's place.  Jim
gave a last look over his shoulder for a glimpse of that lovely he'd
spied earier in the day, but she was nowhere to be seen.
   They bellied up to the bar where Mike poured a round for all.  Then
he explained how the rest of the evening was to work.
   But just before Mike could fill them in Barb interrupted him and
motioned him back into the kitchen alone.  He gave Jim and Dana a quick
"right back" and followed her in.  The two left in the dining room gave
each other curious looks.
   What was said was not meant for them, but they could barely make out
some of the whispers.  Barb said, "Mike, are you sure that we should try
this so soon?"
   Mike answered, "Sure Babe.  What's the problem?"
   "I just keep thinking about Tiffany and Stephen.  I think we scared
them off this way."
   "I don't think so."  Mike continued, "Tiff had a great body, but
Stevie was a real nerd, and just taking his clothes off threw him into a
tizzy.  I can't figure how someone with as much class as she had ended
up with a dweeb like him."
   "Yes, but I think we moved them along too fast, and I'm afraid that
we may be doing the same thing with Dana and Jim.  Don't you feel that
way, or is it just me?"  She reached over and squeezed his hand tightly.
   "No, I really don't think so.  Dana is a hot woman who's finally
broken through her icy exterior.  I think she's about ready to try
anything, and this isn't really that big a stretch.  Remember her as
Aphrodite?"  Barb nodded.  "Well, I think she's ready for the other side
of it.  And I think Jim is light years cooler than Steve-O was.  Plus,
he's got a much cuter ass."
   Barb smiled and whispered back, "He does at that.  Well, let's just
take it slow.  I really like these guys and I'd hate to scare them off."
   "Me, too.  Let's get back in there and get the evening started."  And
the two of them walked back in still holding hands.
   Mike announced to the waiting couple, "Barb is afraid that what we're
going to try tonight might be a little frightening to new swingers.  So
let me explain, without giving too much away, what we're proposing, and
we'll leave it up to you whether you want to try it or not.  Ok?"
   They agreed, a bit apprehensively.  Mike then gave them the sketchy
details, and both relaxed visibly.
   Dana piped up first, "I think I'm ready to try!  And you say Jimmy
can be in the same room the whole time, right?"
   "Definitely!" Barb replied.  "Someone has to work the camera anyway."
   "Ok then.  Let's get to it," Jim agreed enthusiastically, and he
offered his arm to Dana and led her back to the "Play" room.
   Once there Mike showed him how to use the camera in the corner of the
large room.  Then Barb and Mike led Dana to the King-sized bed and sat
her down.  Jim remarked that the camera was going and that they could
begin.
   Mike turned and spoke to the camera, "Tonight has been a wonderful
evening.  We went out for dinner with Jim and Dana, and then saw a
Broadway show.  We're back now at our place, and it's been decided that
we will "focus" on Dana, and then on Jim.  We're all looking forward to
the rest of the evening."
   Barb had Dana lie down on the bed and she and Mike then slowly and
with much care helped her slip out of her dress.  She reached down to
help them at one point and Mike lightly slapped her hand away.
   "Remember," he told her, "we're focusing on you.  You are to do
nothing, and say nothing.  No more reminders."  And he went back to
peeling off her slip.  Dana lay back and allowed them to continue the
process.  Barb unhooked her stockings and slid them down her legs,
giving her a tingling sensation there.  Dana then closed her eyes and
gave in to the fact that she was no longer in control of herself and
mentally turned it over to the attending couple.
   Mike then slipped her bra straps over her shoulders, unsnapped it in
the back, and released her warm breasts.  She sighed as he caressed them
a little, and as he reached down and gently lifted her arm to the top of
the bed.  He pulled a leather strap from behind the headboard and tied
it to her wrist, and then repeated the process with her other arm.
Barbara had finished sliding her scant panties off of her legs and had
begun to tie her ankles to the end of the bed.  It was a large bed, and
Barb didn't pull her legs too far apart, but gave the restraints enough
slack so that she could almost bring them back together.
   Mike went to the table of devices and found a bottle of baby oil.  He
poured some on his hands to warm it up and then began to cover her in
it, beginning at her feet.  He made sure to apply it even between her
toes, and then worked his way up.  While he was applying it Barb left
the room.
   Mike continued to oil her body, giving her a good massage as he
continued and Dana relaxed ever further.  When he got to the top of her
legs he worked a good handful into her pubic mound and massaged her
there quite a bit.  But he didn't stop there, but continued his way on
up her belly.
   Soon he was up to her breasts, which had swollen and the nipples
had become erect.  He worked the baby oil into each, placing his
hand so that her nipple made contact with the center of his palm,
and massaged them hard, forcing them to flatten out under the
pressure.  Dana's breath quickened at this treatment, so that
he continued longer than he had planned.
   He continued to add the oil at regular intervals, and her body
was soon glistening with a thick coat of it from her toes to her
bosom.  Finally Mike stopped oiling her chest and began rubbing
her arms down.  He even applied it under her arms, and she gave a
short giggle when he did.  "I'll let that one go," he teased her
at the brief outburst.  She had opened her eyes and was watching
him as he finished up covering her arms, hands, and then fingers
in the solution.  The oil around her wrists made the leather
restraints slippery, which would prevent chafing.
   As he was putting the finishing touches on her body by
greasing her neck Barbara returned.  Dana heard her enter and had
to look twice to confirm that it was indeed Barbara.  The woman
she saw enter was wearing a body-hugging black spandex outfit
that covered her from her neck to her toes to her wrists.  She also had
a black party mask on, her hair had been teased out for a very stunning
effect, and her lips were glossed a deep shiny red.  As Dana took
in the overall effect she couldn't help but think of a deadly black
widow spider, the kind that mated and then devoured the male - for
Barbara seemed all business.  She headed for the "goodies" table and
sorted amongst the paraphernalia.  Dana noticed from her side angle that
Barb's outfit had short plastic zippers on it in strategic locations.
Soon the masked woman picked up a short riding crop that had a small
leather loop at the end of it.  Mike finished oiling her, got off on the
opposite side of the bed from his wife, and undressed quickly.
When Barbara came over and looked down at her body bound to the bed,
Dana felt a slight shiver run up her spine as she took in the sight of
the darkly clad woman who stood over her slapping the crop into a hand.
   "Pay attention," she began in an authoritative manner.  "You
have given us control for the next hour, and we expect cooperation.  If
we ask you to do something, then you do it - immediately.  No
hesitation.  No frowning.  No questions.  Just do it.  If you follow our
directions you will have a night to remember.  If you don't cooperate -
well," and she slapped the crop into her hand for emphasis, "you'll have
to be punished.  Do you have any questions?" and she paused for a
reaction.
   A thousand questions tried to push their way to the surface, but the
stance of her questioner told her that none should be spoken, so she
gave a slight shake of her head and held her breath.  She knew how
"hard" she had punished Barbara earlier and expected similar treatment
in return, but doubts began brewing in the back of her mind and she
waited to see how Barbara would respond.
   Barbara's lips smiled below the mask.  "Good.  You're a quick
learner.  Let's begin."
   She turned to Mike and began the "focus."  "Begin with her legs."
Mike went to the table and picked up a large brown vibrator, turned it
on, and then began moving it up and down her calves.
   Dana had tensed up some during Barbara's directions, and the fact
that she continued to stand over her with that crop kept Dana in that
condition despite the soothing effects of the vibrator.  But Mike worked
her lower legs and then her upper.  He came tantalizingly close to her
crotch, but never quite got there.  Dana closed her eyes and tried to
forget the imposing figure nearby, and concentrated on the hum running
over her legs.  She thought of their evening, of the four of them
eating, drinking, talking and laughing together.  Soon she gave in to
its soothing vibrations and she stretched out and spread her legs.  Her
pussy was moistening, and she felt a warm glow spreading over her body.
   The voice over her said, "Now, her belly," and the hum skipped on up
to her stomach.  It caressed her tight abdomen muscles, slid up her ribs
to just below her breasts, and then travelled back down and into her
belly button.  It almost felt like being screwed and she felt the
buzzing grow in her lower regions.
   She ventured a glance at the director, and saw that she had unzipped
a section of her outfit over her left breast and was playing with the
nipple as she watched Mike vibrate Dana's tummy.  She licked her lips,
gave her breast a good squeeze, and said, "Now, her ass hole."
   Mike dropped down below her field of vision, but she felt him lifting
her legs at the knees until her legs were in an upside-down V.  He
spread them apart, and she felt the slippery hummer rolling around her
backside.  The vibrations were excruciatingly close to her now quite wet
slit, but it centered instead on her lower hole.  The oiled vibrator
moved back and forth over her anus and when she relaxed the muscles
there it pushed its way in just a bit.  She bit her lip, but couldn't
help a little cry that escaped her.  Immediately she felt the crop slap
her across her raised thighs, stinging them.
   "No more outbursts, please," Barbara informed her calmly.  Dana
looked up at her, but saw that she was not kidding.  She turned her head
to look at Jimmy, but he was hidden behind the camera.  Now she felt a
slight bit of fear, but pushed it back down and concentrated harder on
doing what she was told.  Still in the back of her mind she wasn't ready
to give over complete control.  The woman next to her bed, though, was
no longer perky Barbara her new neighbor, but was a masked director
taking control.  The cool smile couldn't hide the burning in those eyes
behind the mask.
   At the insistent prodding of the vibrator she forced her cheeks apart
as far as they would go to take it inside her.  The juices were flowing
liberally from her cunt down onto the stiff shaft, lubricating it more
as it moved slowly in and out of her hole.  The probing item was moving
slowly, and she wanted it faster, but she didn't dare increase the tempo
on her own initiative.
   Then the voice said, "Now, her mouth."  She felt it withdraw from her
ass and watched as the oily device moved up toward her face, but she
forced herself to stare up at the masked woman instead and locked onto
her gaze.  It stopped vibrating near her face for a few seconds, and she
could hear it being wiped off with the sheets near her ear before it
moved to her mouth.
   As it hummed on and then between her lips she watched Barbara unzip
the zipper at the crotch of the tight outfit with the hand not rubbing
her exposed tit.  The zipper parted and she saw the red painted nails
sliding in and out between the dark pubic hairs.  Oh how she ached for
them to dip inside her own slit!
   The vibrator was in her mouth and she began sucking it like a cock,
and that made the woman standing over her smile.  It had become
important to make her smile, for she was in control, and if she was
smiling then the stinging would stay away.
   Wet red nails moved up from the zipper and slipped into the shiny red
lips.  She licked them off and then said, "Now, her pussy."  Dana closed
her eyes and knew at last she would feel it between her legs.  She was
already so turned on that as soon as it had barely come into contact
with her pussy lips her body shook in orgasm.  She kept quiet with her
mouth, but her body screamed in pleasure!  The vibrator moved up to her
clit and she thought she would pass out.  The waves of passion swept her
under, and she lost all feeling and knew no thoughts except the
thunderous explosions that were going off between her legs.  She sensed
that she was thrashing all over the bed, but the restraints kept her in
place some, and she held on for dear life.  Orgasm after orgasm shook
her to the core until she felt she had turned into a human twat that
couldn't stop.  The humming continued down deep inside her pussy and
after an eternity of ecstasy she slowly dropped back in passion to a
dull roar.
   Barbara stepped back over to the "goody" table and returned with two
metal pieces that looked like clothes pins.  "Hold still, please," she
directed Dana, and then clipped one and then another to each nipple.
They were tight and a little painful, but they had the effect that
someone lightly biting them would have, and they stepped her body back
up a level.
   Barb then directed Mike to withdraw the vibrator and get "little
Oscar."  Dana felt empty for a moment as it withdrew, but Mike picked up
a small dildo with large bumps all over it.  Barb asked him to unbind
one of her feet, which he did, and then he rolled her onto her side.  S
he was able to turn her lower body sideways, but both her hands were
still tightly bound and she felt slightly like a pretzel.  The masked
woman then undid the same has as her unrestrained foot and she was able
to lie comfortably on her side.
   "That was one.  Now for number two."  Dana guessed that she was
referring to orgasmic experiences, and she was right.  Mike fingered her
ass hole again until it relaxed and then wiggle "little Oscar" into her
anus.  Her body was still supercharged and she could feel as each of the
many large bumps on the dildo squeezed through.  When it was in about as
far as it could go Mike took up position behind her and slid his
stiffened cock into her pussy.  She used her feet to push herself back
onto him further but the crop came down hard on the side of her hip
leaving a bright red circular mark.
   A tear squeezed out of Dana's eye and rolled down her face, and she
stopped her attempts to aid the sensuous experience.  "Let us focus on
you.  Just do as you're told, and no more."  Barb came around into her
view, and reached a hand toward her breasts.  She undid one of the clips
on Dana's breast and replaced it a little farther onto the nipple.  More
flesh was being squeezed and it pinched hard, but she had expected a
worse punishment and held her peace.
   Dana knew now that she no longer had anything to say about what was
happening to her.  Something clicked in her subconscious, and she now
knew that only the woman in the tight black outfit would lead her on.
She gave her a smile and the masked woman knew that she could now
completely have her way.  She leaned down and they lightly kissed.  Dana
then closed her eyes, and let her body go limp.
   The masked face then slid down the bed and took up residence by her
pussy.  Dana was glad that she hadn't disappointed her too much, and
that she was still going to eat her.  She desparately wanted to feel
that hot tongue in her mound!  Mike began fucking her from behind, but
she was totally concentrating on the red lips and when they would make
contact with her cunt.  The mouth below reached forward, but instead of
licking, began biting her pubic hairs.  She would lean in, bite a few
between her pearly white teeth, and then pull back.  Sometimes the hairs
would slip back, but sometimes they were yanked out.  Dana had to bite
her own lip to keep any more sounds from escaping.  It was torture, but
at the same time it excited her further.
   When the tongue finally wormed its way between the dark hairs and
onto her swollen button it was all she could do to stay in place.  She
felt the flow of pussy juices surging from a trickle to a flood.  Her
one leg was still held in place and that kept her from bucking off of
the bed, and she couldn't help herself reaching to squeeze one of her
taut breasts.  The combination of feeling Mike pressing up against her
back with his larger-than-Jimmy's engorged cock filling her, and in the
exact same tingling place feeling Barb's hot tongue lapping at her clit
was driving her wild.  She choked back any sounds that she longed to let
out, but the clamps on her tits reminded her that punishment would be
swift and painful.
   Soon Mike was grunting in ecstasy as he poured his cum into her
buzzing twat, and Barb was licking and sucking up all juices that were
pouring out of her.  Dana had never felt such intense pleasure as at
that moment, and the pain in her nipples only heightened it further.
   Mike soon stopped his humping actions, but Barbara continued to eat
her and Dana didn't think she could take the climaxes any longer.  But
the tongue action continued and Dana soon lost count of the waves that
rolled over her.  She lost track of time, of place, of what was
happening to her.  Her only thought centered on the orgasms spasming her
body on a continual basis.  She broke out in a sweat, her pulse raced,
and her extremities began to go numb.  Blessedly she passed out, and it
was only then that Barbara let up on her.
   She unclipped Dana's breasts, and then slapped her back into
consciousness.  Dana shivered, but didn't utter a spoken word.  Barbara
looked down at her and said, "That's two.  Rest a minute, and we'll be
back for the final one."  She zipped up her outfit in the various places
that she had exposed herself, took Mike's hand, and led him from the
room.  Dana collapsed back and rubbed her raw chest.
   Dana got herself as comfortable as she could, and relaxed for about
five minutes, when the door opened and Mike and Barb came back in.  But
they looked a little vice-versa.  Barb had her hair tucked up under a
biker's cap, had on leather pants and a leather vest.  Mike, on the
other hand, had on a garter belt and stockings, and a light blue silk
teddy.
   Mike went and sat on the bed while Barbara went over to the
playthings on the table.  She picked up a strap on dildo and brought it
over to the bed.  She began hooking it onto Dana, and said, "We've been
giving it to you, and especially Mike.  But now it's your turn to give
it back to him."  When she had finished strappig on the rubberized cock
around and onto Dana's pelvic area she untied the remaining restraints o
n Dana's wrist and ankle.
   Mike then crawled up onto the bed and kissed her.  He began purring
things into her ear, like, "You're so big!", and "I really want you,
give it to me."  Dana's hands caressed up and down the silky material
and could feel his muscular back through it.  Finally turned around in
her arms and knelt on all fours in front of her.  Barb looked on from
the side.  Dana ran her hands down his back, over his tight cheeks, and
undid the snap at the bottom of the teddy.  She wet a finger and ran it
around his ass hole.  Then she aimed the dildo at his backside and began
poking at his chute.  The dildo pushed up against her own pubic area and
got her hot down in the box, so she kept poking and pushing.  Eventually
the tip went in and Mike rocked back a little to help the process.  It
slid in ever so slowly, but Dana liked being on this end of the fuck for
once.  She watched as she screwed him in his wazoo, and began to really
get into it.
   Jim could hardly believe his eyes as he filmed the scene.  Here was
his wife screwing, with a strapped on dildo, his best friend, who was
dressed in drag.  Unbelievable!  And she was doing so with gusto!  She
grabbed his waist and was ramming her "tool" home and seemed to be
relishing it.  His own pecker stood at attention, and he began to wonder
just what would be in store for him when his own "focus" occurred.
Well, whatever it would entail, he was ready, willing, and most
definitely able.
   Barb watched with interest as her charge followed any and every
command she was given.  She toyed with the idea of having her do some of
the really kinky stuff she wanted to try with this little vixen, but
decided that she had pushed her probably as far as she could for a first
night of real bondage.  Later, she thought.
   Dana finally slowed down her humping and simulated having an
ejaculation with a few final deep thrusts up Mike's greased up ass.  She
pulled out and rolled over onto her back the way she figured a man would
after some great sex.  Her "tool" though had not gone limp, and still
stood straight up.  Barb beckoned Mike out of the way and moved onto the
bed for her turn.  "You've screwed a "woman," but how will you do with a
"man"?" and began sliding out of her leather pants.  The role reversals
had Dana's head swimming, but she lay there and allowed Barb to make the
next advances.
   Barb ever so slowly slid out of her tight leather pants.  Although
she was dressed as a man, it did nothing to hide her very womanly curves
beneath the pants.  Once her legs were free Dana could see that she had
a belt on that was similar to hers, usable for strapping a dildo to.
Barb reached down and removed Dana's "tool" and tossed it into the
corner.  She sauntered over to the goody table and picked up two very
large rubber dicks.  One she strapped to herself, and the other she
leaned over and hooked onto Dana.  Then she slid down and began giving
Dana's tool a blow job.
   The only effect on Dana was visual, but that was enough, along with
the little bit of friction afforded by the activity on her nearby
clitoris, to turn her heart beat up a notch.  She closed her eyes and
fantasysed that she was a well-hung man having a homosexual encounter
with a well-hung, yet effeminate man.  When she peeked down at her
pelvic area, she could see someone in a hat and tight vest giving her
"dong" a good going over.  Occasionally she could see this "man's" own
stiff member poking out.  Despite her manly fantasy she couldn't help
but pinch her own nipples in the excitement.
   Finally Barb stepped over her and squatted over her face.  Her own
wang pointed in the same direction, but it didn't hide the wet twat
beneath.  But closer still was Barb's ass, so smooth, soft and
curvaceous.  She released her nipples and reached up to stroke and
caress those golden-tanned cheeks.  She grabbed them and pulled them
down to her awaiting mouth and began tonguing them all over.  She
allowed her saliva to leave a slippery trail until the cheeks were
completely wetted.  Then she set her sights lower and ventured towards
the tight hole in the middle.  She circled it in smaller and smaller
circles until she finally made contact.  Moans greeted her explorations,
so she gently pulled the golden cheeks apart until the hole opened
slightly.  She tongued a little harder, and the muscles relaxed, and she
was able to slip her tongue up inside Barb's backside a little bit.  She
then took her middle finger, wetted it, and being careful about her long
nails, slid it into the relaxed anus until it was up to the third
knuckle.  Barb began gently humping the finger on her ass, so Dana
slowly slid in her pointer finger.  It was a good bit tighter now, but
Barb showed no signs of discomfort and continued her humping actions.
Dana, emboldened by the success of her second finger, slowly inserted
her ring finger.  At first she couldn't get past the first knuckle, but
Barb's increased humping soon had the third finger in.
   Now Barbara's bouncing became more increased, and when Dana slid her
thumb up into the nearby pussy she had to use it to hold on.  Slipping
in her pinkie now was no difficulty at all and Dana was able to grab on
with all five fingers - four in the ass and one in the pussy - and give
her a real good fist fuck.
   Barb then undid Dana's dildo and buried her face in the ever-
so-anxious vulva of her partner.  She tongued indiscriminately and both
women started rolling on the bed back and forth.  One time they came clo
se to the edge and Mike had to block them, but they hardly noticed and
locked onto each other in their spinning.  Finally they both let out
moans deep from their beings and the activity slowed and finally
stopped.
   Mike beckoned to Barb, who with half-closed eyes, dragged herself off
of the bed and left with him, tossing back a, "be right back."
   Dana knew that her "focus" was nearing its end and curled up on the
bed to doze.  Her mind drifted in a haze of fingers, tongues, dildoes,
and cheeks.
   Jimmy put the camera on pause and sat back to catch his breath.  What
a turn on that Barb was!  Her curly long dark hair and her penetrating
dark brown eyes were only matched by her large dark nipples.  Watching
them heave while his wife and she ate each other's dripping pussies made
him ache to get in on the action.  He rubbed his crotch as he
contemplated how the seductress had played his wife like a virtuoso
performer.  He never knew what persona she would take on next, but the
one she had just finished that included bondage, cross-dressing,
and discipline had all the elements that made him hot.
   And then he thought about Mike's supporting role in the little drama
that he had witnessed.  Mike hadn't overshadowed Barbara's role of
dominatrix, and had wound up with only a little action during most of
it.  He almost felt sorry for the guy.  But then again, maybe he would
be taking more of an active role in Jimmy's "focus".  Hmmm, he thought.
He'd never been much into the AC/DC scene, much preferring the soft
touch of a woman.  He had gone along with all of Mike and Barb's
suggestions because he loved watching his wife experiment and develop
her sexuality, and because Barb was such a hot temptress.  But Mike was
a great guy, too, and he had come to value their friendship.  When he
thought about it, Mike was a handsome specimen of a man, also with dark
hair and eyes, neatly stimmed moustache, and fine physique.  But the
thought of getting off with him, well, he wasn't sure that that was in
the cards for him.
   His revelry was interrupted by the return of the absent couple.  They
entered in bed-time wear, Barb in a filmy grey negligee and Mike in some
silk boxers.  They had a box and soon were taking things out of it.  Jim
got back to videotaping, and watched as the two performed some new magic
on his wife, but not of an overtly sexual type.  The items in the box
were cosmetics and grooming aides, and soon the two had done Dana's
hair, her make-up, her nails, and her skin all over.  They powdered her,
lipsticked her, eye-shadowed her, and much more until they finished by
helping her slip into a similarly sexy nightgown.  The fabric seemed to
float on her body, and the see-through material gave a mysterious yet
magnetic view of Dana's luscious curves.
   During this final phase she had not resisted, but had cooperated as
if she were in a dream.  When they finished and stepped away from her,
she looked up into the camera and smiled, and the effect nearly knocked
Jim out from behind the lense.  She was radiant, but with a self-assured
quality that spoke of a deep strength within.  Jimmy could hardly
believe his eyes, for his lover and mate staring into the camera was all
he had ever longed for in a woman.  Right there he fell in love again
with a woman he was already in love with.
   Mike was saying something to Dana, and finally it dawned on him what
it was.  "Trade places with Jim, please," Mike said again for his
benefit, and Jimmy realized that it was now his turn to be "focused"
upon.  With a little fear and trepidation, but also with anticipation
and willingness, Jim stepped away from the camera and moved over to the
bed.
   "Shall I lie down and get strapped in?" he asked them.
   Mike replied, "No, I don't think so.  We have some different plans
for you than we had for Dana.  Just strip out of your clothes and sit
here on the side of the bed.  We'll be right back."
   Jim watched as they left again and then began slipping out of his
clothes.  He was aware that his wife was filming him from behind the
camera, so he did a little strip tease to cover some of his nervousness.
Soon, though, he ran out of clothes, so he just sat on the bedside and
waited.
   The music started out very quietly, but soon entered into the realm
of the conscious.  He hadn't noticed the small speakers up on the walls,
but they were playing some stringed mood music.  Jimmy laid back on the
bed and listened to the calming music.  With his eyes closed he felt and
heard, rather than saw, Mike and Barb re-enter the room.  When he opened
his eyes he was a little disappointed.
   Neither was in a costume of any sort.  Barb had on a purple g-string
and push-up bra, and Mike had on a muscle type T-shirt and black silk
boxers.  Not very daring for either of them, but comfortable to "work"
in.  Mike carried a razor kit.
   Mike sat on the bed and addressed him.  "We try to do something
different for each person when we focus on them."  Jim propped himself
up to his elbows to listen better.  Mike continued, "Barb and I had
talked about Dana and what hers would be like for days now, but as I
said, each one is unique.  We try to tailor them to the person, so yours
will be different from Dana's."  He looked at Barb for a second who
nodded assuringly.  "We don't think you need the restraints, but we do
ask that you cooperate.  Instead of a punishment, we will just end the
focus, if you don't want to go along with what we have planned.  No
recriminations, no guilt, no pressure.  If something isn't to your taste
just say so and we'll stop.  Remember, you can bail out at any time.
Ok?"
   "Sure, big guy.  I'm game.  Let's get started!" and Jimmy laid back
with his arms spread in an "I'm-all-yours" position.
   Barb reached into the shaving kit and pulled out some shaving cream.
She shook it, squirted out a large handfull, kneeled on the bed, and
spread it all over Jim's chest.  She then got out a razor like a barber
uses, and deftly began shaving his chest.  Jim's anxiety had increased
when he saw the sharp instrument in her hand, but after a dozen strokes
of perfection on his chest and around his nipples he was assured that
she knew how to use one of those things.
   When she had finished shaving his chest she squirted another handful
and rubbed it on his belly and repeated the procedure there.  When that
was done, she covered his legs on the top and began shaving his legs.
Jimmy'd never shaved his legs before, and wondered how long it would
take for the hair to grow back.  Mike then asked him to roll over, which
he did, and Barb sheared the back of his legs and the few spots on his
shoulders with hair.
   "Roll over again, please," Mike asked, and Jim knew what was coming
next.  He closed his eyes and clenched his teeth at the thought, but
when Barb smeared the warm cream into his pubic hairs the sensation was
rather pleasant.  She had to go over each spot a couple of times to
really get it close, but again she never slipped.  Then she raised his
legs up and began working down the sides of his scrotum, under it, and
on to around his anus.  With a deep sigh, Jimmy realized that she was
finally finished with the deadly weapon.  He peeked down and saw that he
was still intact, but very hairless.
   Mike moved over to the goody table, but took a small electrical
contraption out of the razor kit.  He opened its lid, put a large chunk
of something in it, and plugged the contraption in.  While he did that,
Barb rubbed in some type of soothing lotion that cooled the razor burn.
She covered him all over in the sweet smelling stuff, and it made his
skin tingle wherever it had been placed.
   After a couple of minutes, Mike turned to him and said, "This wax
will be hot, but not quite burning.  I've done this to Barb several
times to wax her legs, or to do her bikini area.  It's safe, and keeps
the "itchies" away for much longer than with just a shave.  But please
lie as still as you can," and he winked, "I'd hate to miss."
   Jimmy had never been shaved all over, much less been waxed.  The
stuff hurt quite badly, but not enough to bail out of the process, and
he endured it on his chest, and then his legs.  Mike let it cool just a
bit more for doing around his genitals, but he screamed when they did
around his ass.
   "Are you okay, buddy?" Mike asked in obvious concern.
   Through clenched teeth, Jim nodded an "umm-hmm, keep going."  As he'd
been shaved already, peeling the wax back off hardly hurt at all, but it
did get some hairs out from much deeper below the surface of the skin
than the razor had.  Barb finished it up with another application of the
soothing lotion.
   When they had finished, Barbara whispered to him, "I know that was
hard, but it's much better to give than to receive, so now it's your
turn to give."
   Jimmy figured she meant herself, but Barb walked over and traded
places with Dana.  "Dana," she told her, "I want you to go over and let
Jim shave you."  Dana compliantly did as she had been told.
   Jim saw his wife lie down next to him on the bed, pull her nightie up
to just above her crotch and spread her legs.  She still had a dreamy
look in her eye, for while this was not her own focus, she realized that
Barb was still in control from before and all she had to do was obey
instructions.
   Without hesitation Jimmy followed the same routine as had occurred to
him, first smoothing on the shaving cream, razoring away her pubic hairs
with great care, and then smoothing in the lotion.  He let the wax cool
more than had been done for him but Dana didn't say a word when he
applied the heated wax to her cool skin.
   Soon he removed the wax and left her crotch, including all the way to
around her buttocks completely free of hair.  Her skin was now as smooth
as a baby's, and Jimmy gazed lovingly at her smooth slit.
   Mike whispered in his ear, but loud enough for all to hear, "Take her
any way you want to."  Jimmy hardly need any prompting, and began by
kissing her slick pussy lips.  She still smelled fresh from the shave
cream and the wax, and as he kissed she relaxed her legs apart for easy
access.  She reached her hands down between her legs and pulled the
smooth skin apart, revealing her swollen clit.  Jimmy's tongue had no
trouble finding her button, and swirled his way around and around it.
   Soon he was giving her a thorough tongue bath, with his fingers
caressing, probing, inserting, and generally stimulating her.  He was
concentrating on his smooth-skinned lover when hands on his hips
interrupted him.  He looked down to see Mike twisting his hips to expose
his crotch sideways.  He shifted himself to accomodate the insistent
hands, and got back to the dripping wet pussy that was quivering for
more attention.  But he knew what was to come next, and he also knew
who.  He had considered this a possible encounter in his "focus" and
decided to just let it happen.  He felt secure in his masculinity and in
his heterosexuality, and if his buddy really wanted to suck him, well,
he was just going to continue to put his own focus on the ladies.
   But now his mind was split, and while he continued to orally
stimulate Dana, he waw super-aware of Mike's strong warm hands rubbing
his cock, reaching under his scrotum to stroke him, and the pleasant
feeling that washed over him.  He felt his meat getting harder and
harder, and Mike's fingers began squeezing his rod at its base.  This
held it at attention, and Jim could feel the nerve-endings tingle in
anticipation of what he knew was next.  And then the warm tongue made
contact with the tip of his prick and Jimmy's whole body gave a quick
involuntary jerk at the touch.  The fingers slowly released their hold,
but the tongue began to explore.  Around the tip, down the shaft on its
top-side, around to the scrotum, back up on the under-side.  When it
reached the tip again the mouth opened and slipped it inside.  Somehow
Mike was doing exactly everything a moment before Jimmy wished it.  He
seemed to read Jim's mind, applying just the right pressure, stroking
just the right amount, sucking just hard enough.
   Jimmy's attention turned back to his wife for his own love-making had
brought her to a boil and she had begun to writhe and gasp on the bed.
But soon she was began to moan, "fuck me, fuck me baby, oh now, I need
you in me..."  He didn't want to withdraw from the mouth that had
attached itself to his cock and was doing such a bang-up job, but as he
pulled out Mike called up softly, "Go for it, buddy!"
   Jim rolled his wife over onto her stomach, and she moved into a
kneeling position with her tight ass pointed up right at him.  He moved
up to his own knees, reached down to spread her cheeks, and slipped his
aching dick into her doggie-style.  He reached down and around her to
hold on by her breasts.  Her pussy was plenty wet and he banged into her
repeatedly as he cried out with each thrust.
   But then, again, Jimmy's attention was wrested away from his own
love-making as he felt those same warm hands smearing a sweet smelling
lotion onto and inbetween his cheeks.  "Oh, baby," he thought, "here it
comes," and the strong hands parted his own cheeks until he felt
something hard probing at his ass-hole.  He slowed down his thrusting
into Dana, much to her displeasure, until he felt the stiff cock
burrowing its way into him.
   When Mike was in to the hilt Jimmy began again to thrust repeatedly
into Dana, who was countering his moves by pushing back onto each stroke
so that she could maximize his penetration.  But Mike held himself in
place, and as Jimmy pushed forward into Dana he slid almost off of Mike,
and he pulled back from Dana he was pushing himself back farther onto
the cock.  "'Tis better to give than to receive," he mused, "but it's
best of all to do both at the same time!"  And he banged away forward
and back, giving and receiving, and pleasing both of his lovers at the
same time.
  He glanced over to see Barb videotaping them, but fingering herself
rapidly at the same time.  The cool cheeks before him and the warm
thighs behind him soon had him climaxing in a shuddering orgasm.  He
thought he would split his wife in half with his stiffened member, but
he also felt he would split himself as Mike finally began ramming him
hard in a surging climax as well.  The three gave it all they had, with
Barbara gasping on the side-lines, until they fell apart in an exhausted
pile of flesh.  The aroma of juices filled the air, and they drifted
almost out of consciousness.
   Barb was the first to regain her senses, as she set the camera on
pause, and moved over to the bed to kiss Dana back to reality and her
post behind the lense.  She then took the nearly limp hands Dana offered
her and urged her to her feet and off of the bed.  Barbara had been
totally aroused seeing Dana get it from behind, and walked her over to
the camera.  There was a handle at the top of the camera's tripod that
the operator of the video-recorder could use to pan the camera.  It was
a rubber-covered handle that stuck out a good foot and a half, and
Barbara ordered her love-slave to bend over and lean up against the
wall.  Then with a little monkeying around with the grip, she moved the
tripod into place behind Dana and slowly moved it so that the handle
inserted itself and then penetrated.  Dana was already nearly
unconscious from the multiple fuckings she had received that evening and
she hardly resisted the stiff stick working its way into her.  Barb set
the camera back on to record as it pointed away from the feminine duo,
and soon the brown haired Dana was coming again, this time to the
movements of a deeply inserted make-shift dildo that the buxom Barbara
was manipulating.
   Over on the bed, Mike was the first to move, and his first move was
around to the other side of Jim, where he caressed the limp member that
had just been pummeling Dana.  It was still coated with her pussy juices
and before Jimmy knew what was happening Mike began to lick and suck
his flacid wang.  Again, in his head he argued with himself about his
comfort-level with this mano-a-mano activity.  His conclusion was that
if he got a good blow job out of it from someone who liked the same sex,
well, that didn't make himself homosexual.  Resting in that thought he
laid back and let his buddy do his thing.
   Jimmy looked over and saw his wife leaning over up against the wall,
but he couldn't exactly make out what the deal was over there.  Then
Barbara left his wife in that position with a sharp, "Don't move!" and
came over to him.  She listened to something Mike quietly told her and
then began kissing him and licking his lips.  He could feel Mike moving
around on the bed, but he was too engrossed with the dark-haired lovely
giving him lots of lip action.  He had just begun to feel himself slowly
beginning to stiffen up some at Mike's tonguing when he reached for
Barbara's ample breasts.  But she backed up a little, guiding his hands
elsewhere.
   Then he saw that Mike had turned around to place his own crotch up by
Jim's head, but Barbara had been between them enough to not see.  She
guided his hands past her to Mike's already stiff prick, and he seemed
to watch from outside of himself as he allowed her to.  He had never
been this close to another man's dick before, and he touched it
gingerly, marveling at how engorged it was, especially at its tip.  He
reached down a little to feel the testicles, and each touch brought
sounds from Mike that encouraged him on.
   Barbara stepped off the bed and came back promptly with a moistened
towel which she used to clean off Mike's tool.  When she had wiped him
clean Jim took a deep whiff of the musky scent.  Mike had brought Jim to
full arousal, but was expertly sucking and licking him so that he not
climax too soon.  Jim moistened his own hand and then lightly grabbed
   Jimmy looked over and saw his wife leaning over up against the wall,
but he couldn't exactly make out what the deal was over there.  Then
Barbara left his wife in that position with a sharp, "Don't move!" and
came over to him.  She listened to something Mike quietly told her and
then began kissing him and licking his lips.  He could feel Mike moving
around on the bed, but he was too engrossed with the dark-haired lovely
giving him lots of lip action.  He had just begun to feel himself slowly
beginning to stiffen up some at Mike's tonguing when he reached for
Barbara's ample breasts.  But she backed up a little, guiding his hands
elsewhere.
   Then he saw that Mike had turned around to place his own crotch up by
Jim's head, but Barbara had been between them enough to not see.  She
guided his hands past her to Mike's already stiff prick, and he seemed
to watch from outside of himself as he allowed her to.  He had never
been this close to another man's dick before, and he touched it
gingerly, marveling at how engorged it was, especially at its tip.  He
reached down a little to feel the testicles, and each touch brought
sounds from Mike that encouraged him on.
   Barbara stepped off the bed and came back promptly with a moistened
towel which she used to clean off Mike's tool.  When she had wiped him
clean Jim took a deep whiff of the musky scent.  Mike had brought Jim to
full arousal, but was expertly sucking and licking him so that he not
climax too soon.  Jim moistened his own hand and then lightly grabbed
the enormous member in front of him and began to move his hand up and
down.  If it was possible, he thought he noticed that the head of the
tight flesh almost bloom under the pressure.  Without thinking about it
he found himself seeing how well it fit inside his mouth.  Just as he
did Mike inserted a finger into his anus, and the feeling was so good he
reciprocated by sucking the cock as deeply into his mouth as he could.
   Mike then began deep-throating him and the two 69'ed to the same
beat.  Mike was able to better control Jim's own arousal, and when he
knew that he could no longer hold back, he applied the final strokes of
wet sucks that he knew would finish off his partner.
   Jim's thought, as he spasmed his own fluids and sucked Mike's wet
pumping, was again along the lines of how good it was to give and take
at the same time.  The finger up his ass kept the rhythm as well, and
both men pumped the other's mouth until they were spent.
   Barbara and Dana had finished their own tryst, and finally joined
them on the bed.  Mike mumbled something about the night being the best
"focus" they had ever performed, and both Dana and Jimmy drifted off
into unconsciousness grateful for being the object of the lesson.

             **************************************
--



Archive-name: 3plus/butter8.txt
Archive-author: Butterfly BBS
Archive-title: New Neighbors - Chapter 8



(This is BUTTER8.ZIP, so named because this began in a story door on the
now defunct Butterfly BBS.  That board moved away, but the Demon Pit has
a story door where this sexual saga has continued.  This is about new
neighbors Jimmy and Dana, a young married couple, who've moved into a
swinging condo complex.  Jim is a consultant, blonde, tight assed, and
ruggedly handsome.  Dana is his aerobic instructor wife, well
proportioned, with light brown hair and a wicked smile.  Let's tune in
now, kids, as we see how little Dana has left behind all the inhibitions
that once made her a rather boring bed-mate.)


                              NEW NEIGHBORS
                      Chapter 8 - "Newer Neighbors"

                 **************************************

   There were only a few weeks of summer left, and Jim and Dana put them
to good use.  Dana started an aerobics class around the pool, and the
skimpy outfits that the women wore ensured that a large contingent of
males joined in as well.  Jim went into the office diligently, but he
put in as little over-time as possible to hurry home to his wife who had
seemingly become a nymphomaniac.  If the weekends were sunny enough they
were now both out sunning in thong suits, and both received ample offers
from admiring on-lookers from the complex. This led to the following
conversation:
   "You know, Jim," Dana began one evening, "we made a great choice in
coming to live here."
   "That we did, sweet stuff," he heartily agreed.
   "And we've made the best of friends in Mike and Barbara."
   Jim thought back on all the sex and friendship they'd shared.  He
hadn't had another encounter with a man, and although he remained firmly
committed to love of the opposite sex, he didn't feel ashamed of that
night.  "I agree with that last statement as well."
   Dana looked over at him on the couch from behind the breakfast
counter, her bared shoulders leading up to her flawless neck and
recently curled highlighted locks and continued, "But I think it's time
we made some more friends.  I love Barbara and Mike, but there are so
many other nice people around here that it seems to me like we're
missing out on other friendships that we could be forming."
   Jim stretched out on the couch and thought about that for a minute.
Finally he replied, "I guess you're right.  And it's not like we haven't
had the chance to get to know others.  What do you have in mind?"
   "Well, first, I want to know if it's okay to have friends over during
the day while you're away.  There are lots of people in my class I could
have over for a drink to kind of feel out and see if they might be good
candidates for us to become better friends with.  What do you think?"
   "C'mere babe and I'll show you what I think."  Dana walked around to
where he was stretched out in his cut-off shorts and t-shirt.  He pulled
her down to him and gave her a deep kiss, the kind that sent shivers of
excitement through her taut body.  His hand gripped her ass and she
could feel his stiffness through the shorts.  He rolled them over so
that she was now beneath him, lifted her shirt up over her pointing
breasts and began tonguing the upthrust breasts.  She dropped her head
back luxuriating in this kind of treatment, and lifted her one knee
enough to make firm contact with his crotch.  His hands roamed over her
tanned skin and finally dropped down to slide her own short shorts off.
She had given up wearing underwear, and as he slid the black nylon
shorts off of her he slid down until he stared directly at her shaven
crotch.
   Both had continued to keep themselves completely hairless in their
pubic areas, and Dana again felt every touch and breath without
interference from the dark curly hairs that used to reside there.  Jimmy
touched the tip of his tongue to the swollen red clit that had no where
to hide and her juices began to flow freely.  He inserted his middle
finger slowly as he licked around her pussy, and Dana instinctively
arched her back in pleasure.  He reached up with his free hand to
tightly caress a firm breast as he brought her to climax again and
again.
   When she had had enough she removed his hand from her swollen nipple
and sat up.  "Show yourself, you sex machine!" so Jimmy sat up and
slipped his cut-offs down to his ankles.  Dana moved to sit on the floor
and Jimmy leaned back, legs apart, while she dipped down upon his
full-mast.  Before he could pump her mouth she withdrew and sat up
higher so that his cock stood straight up between her breasts.  She
leaned forward, pushing her tits together trapping him between them, and
gave him a chest-fuck until he couldn't hold back anymore.  Leaning
forward over her head which he clutched tightly, he pumped as hard as he
could, drenching her chest and neck in his sticky semen.
   When he finally sat back, she used her warm palms to rub the fluid
into her skin, smiling up at him.  "I think," he said, "we've reached an
agreement."
   "I'll do my best," she smiled back at him, "to find us some more good
friends."
   Jimmy knew exactly what she meant and how she meant to go about
finding new friends.  "It'll be worth it," he mused as she cuddled up.


   The next day dawned overcast, but soon a high front moved in and
shooed away all the dark clouds.  The humidity was down, unusually so
for August, and Dana expected a large group for her aerobics class.  She
donned her L.A.Gear two piece work-out outfit and headed out to poolside
with her boombox.
   There were about 2 dozen people from the complex assembling around
the pool, including about a half dozen new faces.  This was pretty
normal since Dana was being paid by the complex management rather than
by each student.  Anyone in the complex could join in as part of the
condo fee, so the group was always a new mix of familiar and new.
Many were in aerobic gear, but some had come to swim and then work-out
in their swimsuits.  She began the warm-up routine, and got the crowd
up to cardiovascular intensity before long.
   As she led the class she noticed two faces in particular that she
thought she might try to get to know better.  The first belonged to a
young Asian woman wearing an outdated black one-piece suit.  Her make-up
was done to perfection, but her taste in clothes was abysmal.  The other
new face she noticed was a petite sandy haired female.  She wore a
shimmering gold leotard that was cut high on the hip to accent her long
(for her overall size) and shapely legs.
   When the class was over she beckoned for the two to meet her by the
portable stereo deck.  The petite one bounded up and the oriental woman
came up more slowly.  She asked their names and received back "Janie" in
a southern accent and "Miko" in staccato.  Dana and Janie made some
small talk for a little bit until Dana invited them both over to her
place for a bite to eat.  Both agreed and when they had gathered up
their things they headed over to it.
   Dana made some tuna salads for them all while they relaxed in the
dining room just next to the kitchen.  Miko answered questions when she
was asked, but in halting English.  She seemed glad to be invited in,
though.  Janie, Dana learned, had recently moved to the complex with her
husband from Mobile, Alabama.  She had a quick sense of humor, and made
them all laugh frequently with he witicisms.  Sometimes, though, they
had to explain to Miko what they were laughing about and why.  Dana
poured them wine with their meal, and by the end of it they were all
giggling.
   Miko, it turned out, had come from Japan with her husband in the
early spring to the complex.  He was a fast-rising young executive in
the Japanese owned electronics firm with a factory in the states.  She
had married him after a family-arranged wedding, and she loved him
enough to want to make the marriage work.  She hadn't gone to college,
explaining that the entrance requirements were much stiffer in Japan
than the U.S., but she liked to arrange flowers, and hoped one day to
catch on at flower shop.
   Dana marveled to herself at the beauty of Miko's face and figure.
She had large brown eyes that tapered sexily.  Her full red lips usually
had a slight part when she wasn't speaking, showing a hint of pearly
white teeth.  The corners of her mouth turned down slightly giving her a
bit of a pouting look.  She had high cheekbones that were rouged just
the right amount, and her hair was pulled back into a pony tail,
most likely to keep out of her way during her work-out.
   She marveled as well at how poorly fit the suit was to her obviously
curvaceos figure.  It couldn't hide her firm and full breasts nor the
small waist and buttocks, but it was cut low on her hips and nearly
covered her to her neck.
   Janie had long curly dirty blonde hair, a pretty face even if her
nose was a little too pointy, and a muscular trim figure.  As she
noticed before, Janie's legs were long and attractive, and she knew how
to show them off.
   Eventually the conversation turned to how they liked living in the
complex.  Janie said, "What with moving in and my night job at the post
office I haven't really met too many folks here.  I like the pool crowd,
though, and I've seen quite a few male backsides that I'd love to get a
hold of."  They all laughed at that.  "I've noticed, though," she
continued, "that a number of folks around here seem to go both ways."
   Miko looked puzzled and asked, "What you mean, 'go both ways'?"
   Janie giggled, gave a knowing look to Dana, and leaned over close to
Miko's ear.  "You know," she whispered, "when men like men, and women
like women."
   Meaning dawned in her eyes and she started giggling at Janie's mock
seriousness.  "Oh, yes.  I know what you mean.  Like when they say A/C
D/C.  I'm right?"
   "Y'all got it," Janie agreed.
   Dana pursued the subject, and asked them, "What do you think about
people who go both ways?"
   Janie thought a minute, and then replied, "I don't know, really.  I
haven't ever really thought about it.  What about you, Miko?"
   "It is strictly forbidden in Japan," she replied.
   "Yes, but we aren't in Japan, are we?" Dana countered, which brought
thoughtful pauses from the other two.  Then she changed the subject, and
commented on Miko's suit.  "It's nice, but you have too nice a figure to
be hiding it in that old thing.  I have some new suits in the bedroom I
think might fit you.  Would you like to try one on?"
   Miko agreed, so all three went back into Dana and Jimmy's bedroom.
Dana rummaged in a drawer looking for just the right thing, while Janie
helped Miko slip out of the suit.  When Dana chose a deep green maillot
for her to try on and turned to give it to her, she knew that her
earlier assessment of this girl's figure had been correct.  Her breasts
were full and round, with small pointed nipples.  She had a small bush
between her shapely legs which was mostly hidden behind her hands as she
stood shyly before them with nothing on.  Dana gave her the suit and she
turned her back to step into it.
   When she had it on she turned back around for their opinions.  It fit
well enough, showing off her shoulders quite nicely, but it still
covered too much of her torso for Dana's taste.  She told Miko to slip
it back off because she think she knew exactly which suit for her to try
on.  After a brief search she found it.
   As she handed this one to Miko and took back the maillot she noticed
that in the cool air-conditioned air and the gazes of herself and Janie
that Miko's nipples had stiffened considerably, making the breasts point
up.  She turned again and slipped on this second suit, but had to get a
hand from Janie to figure it out.  It was a multi-colored figure-eight
suit that wound it's way around her body.  Starting at the shoulders it
followed her contours crossing on her back, around her waist to the
front where the two pieces met at the crotch.  After barely covering her
derrier they wound again her waist to work up and over her breasts back
to the shoulders.  It was slinky suit that showed a lot of skin and made
the most, which was considerable, of Miko's figure.  When it was all in
place on her she stepped back for their scrutiny and received back
longing looks from both.  Dana stepped over to her to adjust the fabric
over her left breast and then to make sure that the two pieces crossed
exactly center between both.  She purposely brushed the hard nipple in
doing so, and when she had done so looked into Miko's big eyes.  A
little gasp escaped between the slightly parted wet lips and she
couldn't help but lean over and kiss them.  Miko stepped back after two
seconds of contact and look a little frightened at what she had just
done.  But it was just then that Janie stepped up behind her and
whispered up into her ear, "It's okay, sugar.  You're a beautiful girl
that anyone would desire.  You're attracted to Dana, too, or you
wouldn't be back here taking your clothes off.  You're not in Japan
anymore, and it's okay."
   The quiet words had their effect and she tentatively stepped back
forward.  Dana reached out her arms and she stepped into them, closing
her eyes and giving herself over to the heat she felt boiling up inside.
They kissed lightly, then deeper, Dana's tongue searching the warm
moistness.  She ran her hands up and down Miko's tingling body and then
pulled her in closer for a firmer embrace as their kiss lingered.
   Finally the two parted, but Dana held her hand and led her to the
bed.  Miko laid down on the bed and Dana laid down on her side next to
her.  She leaned over her to again kiss those inviting lips and her hand
began caressing one of the upthrust breasts through the fabric.  Dana
could sense Miko's quickened breathing at the touch and then felt a hand
touching her arm gently.  Miko stroked the arm of the hand that was
stimulating her breast, and then returned Dana's kiss with tongue probes
of her own.  Dana slipped her hand under the fabric and slid it off of
Miko's shoulder.
   Janie laid down on the bed on the other side and completed the
process of removing Miko's suit.  When that was accomplished, she
stepped off of the bed and began undressing Dana, first sliding off the
bottom and then the top piece of her outfit.  She slipped out of her own
tight outfit and laid again next to Miko.  While Dana continued to kiss
her mouth, she started kissing her shoulder and arm.  She kissed around
where Dana was stroking and rubbing the exposed breast, and when she
moved her hand over to the other Janie began sucking and licking the
free one near her.
   Miko had lived rather solitarily since relocating to the states and
was starved for companionship.  Her husband worked long and hard hours
and was often not home until very late at night.  She wanted to fit in
in this new country, but more than that she was drawn to this American.
She had never considered loving a woman before, and was still relatively
new at loving a man, but the forbidden thought was possessing her now.
The tenderness of the kisses, the excitement of her nakedness before
them, the sensuality of both these women, and the stimulation of their
caresses on her body led her to give herself to them.
   Soon Janie had kissed her way down to Miko's belly.  She kissed
her way into the dark patch of hair, but when she did Miko broke away
from the kiss to sit up.  "My husband says that women are dirty down
there, and that it should not be touched with mouth."  Dana gently
pushed her back down and assured her most certainly that women were not
dirty, and that all of her parts were beautiful and desirable.  Miko
accepted her words and spread her legs.  Janie then kissed her way
further south into the musky regions found there.
   Dana could tell, while kissing Miko, when Janie found her way into
Miko's dark bush with her kisses.  Miko nearly sucked her tongue out.
According to her own testimony she had never experienced oral sex
before, and her reaction bore her out.  Dana finally disengaged herself
from the wet mouth and began sucking on the closest breast offered.
Miko hugged her head to her chest in a nearly crushing embrace.
Dana gave her a good tonguing that brought the nipple to a hard point as
Miko shivered her pleasure.
   Eventually Dana tired of this and moved herself up so that she was
kneeling over Miko's face.  She looked down as she lowered her dark bush
upon the red wet lips.  She felt herself slickening up as her crack cam
into contact with a hungry mouth.  Miko lifted her arms to grab her
thighs and pull her down fully and began to slowly lick her way along
and then into the wet crack.  Dana had a good view of Miko getting the
better part of her twat into her mouth and noticed again that there WAS
no dark bush down there.  Miko's mouth met no furry resistance for Dana
was still shaved.  The sight of her bared snatch almost always caught
Dana by surprise, but the heightened feelings from its exposure
continued to make the daily shavings worth it.
   Janie, though, was working her way in and around the dark bush of
Miko.  She noticed that the musky scent and drippings were slightly
different in odor and taste than her own.  She stretched her own slim
build out next to Miko's with her legs up near Miko's head.  Then she
had to slide herself away some from Miko because Dana slowly leaned over
towards her, all the while keeping her pussy clamped into Miko's mouth.
   The result was that they formed a triangle of love, with Janie eating
Miko, Miko tonguing Dana, and Dana doing a cunnilingus number on Janie.
The results were also very mutual, for when Janie's lovemaking began to
bring Miko to a climax, that was translated into Miko eating Dana all
the more zeastfully, which had the same effect on Dana as she buried her
face in Janie's muff.  The ecstasy built and was multiplied as it went
round and round the threesome until they each thought they would drown
in the other's juices.  Tongues and jaw muscles gave way long before
anyone would have chosen to stop the circle of love, but reality finally
set in and they dropped away from each other in exhaustion.
   Then they began to share some of their fantasies as they curled up
together.  Dana shared her fantasy of a romantic evening for two,
complete with dinner, dancing, and a cruise ship.  It ended with her
making love on stage with all the other passengers applauding her golden
performance.
   Janie's was a little more on the dark side.  She shared secret
longings that her cousin (whom she'd had a crush on all her life) give
her a good spanking for her illicit desire for him, followed by his
demand that she go down on him and 2 or 3 of his well-hung friends.
   Miko's turn came and she just quietly shared that she didn't know how
to go down on a man, that she'd always wanted to try, but her husband
wouldn't let her because he thought it was a "dirty" thing to do.  Both
Dana and Janie started to give her advice when --
   "Hey Honey!  I'm home.  Sal told me to get out of the noisy office
and finish this report at home by tomorrow."  And they could hear him
rummaging around out in the kitchen for a snack.
   Dana jumped up, grabbed her robe out of the closet and whispered to
them, "Don't move and don't make a sound.  I'll take care of this."
Miko was frozen solid with fear, and Janie just slowly slid under the
covers to cover her nakedness.
   They couldn't hear what went on in the next room, but only about a
minute later Dana returned, but she was leading Jimmy in by the hand.
Miko glanced up in shame, but noticed that Dana's husband wasn't staring
at her because he had a scarf tied around his head covering his eyes.
   Dana told them, "This is Jimmy.  Jimmy, these are two of my new
friends, but I'm not sure that they were expecting to meet you so soon,
and in these circumstances."
   Jim tipped a can of coke back and drank blindly, and said, "Well
Dear, you did say that you were going to make some new friends, so I'll
give you that.  What happens now?"
   "I was thinking," Dana said coyly, "that you might help one of my
friends with a problem she has."
   "Sure thing, what can I do?"
   "Just leave that to us," she replied and began loosening his tie.
She pulled it out from under his collar and then helped him slip his
jacket off.  Turning to Miko and Janie she motioned for them to take
over as she sat down on a nearby chair.  Janie went for his shirt,
forcing Miko, if she was going to help at all, to work on Jim's pants.
He slipped his arms out of the sleeves and then after shucking his shoes
stepped out of his pants.  The bulge in his bikini briefs barely held
him in, giving further evidence of his willingness to help.
   Dana then began directing their actions referring to Janie and Miko
as "J" and "M".  "J" was told to show "M" how to begin the process.  "J"
was obviously familiar with this routine, for she didn't just grab his
wang out and start sucking.  She caressed his stiffness through the
fabric while kissing his belly.  She rubbed her small breasts across his
thighs letting him feel the nipples with each movement.  Finally she
guided his tool straight up so that it poked out of the top and began
giving the tip small wet kisses.
   Then she slid his briefs down for him to step out of and took in the
sight of his member at full salute right before her eyes as she kneeled
before him.  Dana did a running commentary for "M"'s sake on "J"'s 
technique.  "J" caressed Jim's balls and licked all over his hairless
crotch area leaving a wet trail wherever she'd been.  Then she began
kissing up and down his shaft, interspersing wet licks along the way.
She made like she was nibbling his balls, but "M" could see that it was
with her lips wrapped over her teeth.  "J" kissed and licked her way
back up and then eased her mouth onto the head.  She sucked slightly,
but her tongue was doing a furious number as it circled round and round
it.  Her hand got a good grip on the shaft and stroked downward, forcing
the head to swell in her mouth even more.  Keeping a firm but not
forceful grip on his cock's base, she slowly slid her mouth up and down,
taking him deeper and deeper into her mouth.  Dana was urging her on,
goading her to go ever farther onto him.  Jimmy was slightly above
average in length, as opposed to her own husband who was very short but
thick in cock size, and she found that she wasn't prepared to take him
all the way in.
  Instead, she slowly eased up the treatment which she could tell didn't
make Jimmy very happy, and when he was extracted from her mouth she
squeezed the tip of his penis forcing the blood back out.  This had the
effect of taking the wind from his sails.
    He perked back up a little when he heard his wife say, "Now "M",
it's your turn.  Try to do it just as "J" did."
   "J" helped Jim pull his briefs back up, ready for round two.
Tentatively, Miko knelt before him.  She reached out and place her open
hand on the front of his underwear and felt him stiffen at the contact.
She leaned in close and lightly kissed his belly.  She didn't move her
hand on his crotch, but gently left it there while she gave ever so
slight kisses to his tight abdomen.  Her other hand circled around him
to caress his buns.  Of its own accord his prick now stood out the top
of his bikinis and his hands reached down to play with her hair.  Her
kisses finally found their way to the head of his protruding cock, and
she licked it slowly with just the tip of her tongue.  Her hand on his
crotch pulled the small cotton briefs down and she licked her way down
him as he became further exposed.  Her other hand slid into the back
side of his shorts and pulled them down past his knees where he then
stepped out of them.
   Miko then grabbed his cock and began to stroke him up and down.
After only the second stroke Jimmy gasped in pain and Dana admonished
her for not lubricating him first.  She murmurred an apology and then
gave the wettest licks she could all up and down the shaft.  When she
finished and grabbed him again it brought feelings of pleasure this time
instead of pain.  His member stiffened up to its full height, and his
fingers intertwined in her hair, assuring him that she would not get far
away before she was done.  Her one hand was still behind him caressing
his smooth cheeks, and as the fingers played in and around his crack he
spread his legs for her easier access.  She took the hint and poked and
probed with her middle finger until it worked its way in slightly.
   Jimmy's cock was now aching to be eaten and again she responded.  Her
wet lips wrapped themselves around his thick poker and both her mouth
and her hand worked him up and down.  He aided the rhythm with his hands
on the back of her head, and soon had her travelling up and down the
entire length.  When he felt himself reaching the point of no return he
released her hair and she sucked and swallowed as fast as she could as
he exploded down the back of her throat.  She continued to pump and bob
and it felt excruciatingly good to him.  Her finger had buried itself in
his backside as he came, and he was sure she would have to gag on the
amount he felt he was shooting into her.  But she kept up, and when his
spasms subsided, eased her mouth off but continued to palm him gently.
   Dana was beside herself with the double pleasure of helping her new
found friend have her first "taste" of fellatio, and seeing her man being
eaten by a sexy young woman from the east.  She led Jim to the bed,
still blindfolded, and tucked him under the covers where he curled up
and drifted off to sleep.  She then helped Miko back into the figure-8
swim suit, brushed her hair back into place, kissed little Janie
"thanks" and sent the two of them on their way for the afternoon.  She
then went back to the bedroom and snuggled in beside her husband and
soon had joined him in dreamland.

                        *************************

(Will Miko find a way to wrap her moistened lips around her hubby's
manhood?  Tune in next file, for Butter9.zip, where teamwork may be the
answer.)


